Jacob Bundsgaard is the leader of Aarhus.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.
14R/32L is the runway name of the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
The Al Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney.
18R/36L is the runway name of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1,533.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews, Texas.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas.
Andrews County Airport runway name is 11/29.
Andrews County Airport runway name is Helipad.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
German is a language spoken in Belgium.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
The Flemish Government leads the Flemish Region.
Greek is spoken in Greece.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.
The Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is in Spain.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Stephen Dilts is the Chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
Alan Shepard died in California.
William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin's nationality is the United States.
Elliot See was a test pilot.
The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the University of Texas System.
The mascot of University of Texas at Austin is Hook'em.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
20 Fenchurch Street was begun to be built in January 2009.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena.
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.
The building of Adare Manor began in 1700.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland.
Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on "2013-09-28".
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The architect of Amdavad ni Gufa is B V Doshi.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904.
The postal code of Birmingham is B.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Sumitra Mahajan is a leader in India.
One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians.
The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.
English is the language of the Republic of Ireland.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States of America.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the U.S.
Abilene, Texas has area codes of 325.
Abilene is part of Texas.
Albany, Georgia is led by the Mayor.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
Albany is in Oregon, in the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque (New Mexico) is the State Senate.
Albuquerque in New Mexico is led by the Albuquerque City Council.
Amarillo Texas is in the United States.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.
Amarillo is part of Texas, in the United States.
The area code for Anaheim, California is 657.
Anderson is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola, Indiana is part of the Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
The City Administrator leads Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Mayor is the title of the leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The elevation above the sea level in Antioch, California, is 13.0.
Antioch, California is led by the California 11th State Assembly.
Arlington, Texas is situated at 184.0 above sea level.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Auburn is part of Alabama.
California is in the United States.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia.
Georgia is located within the United States.
The capital of Indiana is Indiana.
Lee County is in Alabama.
The capital of New Jersey is Trenton, New Jersey.
Potter County is in Texas.
Tarrant County is in Texas, in the United States.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
The comic character Asterix was created by Rene Goscinny.
The comic book character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman.
Jack Kirby created the comic character Balder.
STV broadcast Bananaman.
Bananaman first aired on the 3rd of October 1983.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.
Bill Oddie has a child called Kate Hardie.
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is "Hugh Hazzard".
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics).
Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award in the comics field.
Ajo blanco is also known as Ajoblanco.
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre includes squid among its ingredients.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.
The avocado plant belongs to the genus Persea.
Ayam penyet should be served hot.
Baked Alaska is a dessert.
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International.
Barny cakes can be chocolate flavoured.
Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy.
Binignit is from the Visayas region.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Cake is a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Ice cream is a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
Italians inhabit Italy.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java.
Lemon is a member of the Rosids order.
Mexicans are the people who live in Mexico.
In Mexico the spoken language is Spanish.
Arabic is a language spoken in the Philippines.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Ataturk Monument.
The Atatürk Monument is made of Bronze.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger.
FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
A.C. Lumezzane played the 2014-15 season in the Lega Pro.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is "Asociación Deportiva".
The fullname of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is "A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis".
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis were in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece.
AFC Blackpool has 1500 members.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is The Fylde.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.
AS Roma played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
Frank de Boer manages the AFC Ajax team.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Joden, Godenzen".
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense were in Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School.
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam.
Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece.
Gus Poyet played for AEK Athens F.C.
Jens Hartel plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.
K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Bury F.C.
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff size of 100 people.
The campus address of the Acharya Institute of Technology is In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Alba Iulia is in Romania.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737 people.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4.
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
Madeleine L'Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English.
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of "Acta Math. Hungar.".
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica discipline is Math.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica CODEN code is "APGPAC".
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 27367194.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
Administrative Science Quarterly has a LLCN number of 57059226.
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.337.
The novel Castle was followed by Aenir.
Cornell University is nicknamed Cornell Big Red.
Lentivirus is the genus of HIV.
Wolf Solent is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Joe Biden is a United States leader.
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene which is part of Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
The runway length of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport located at San Sebastian de los Reyes, is 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India whose leader is T. S. Thakur.
Al Asad airbase is 618 ft above sea level and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority, headquartered at Jinnah International Airport, is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Alpena County Regional Airport is found in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by the Schiphol Group and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and the 4th runway is made of asphalt.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves Luanda.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 2nd runway surface type is Poaceae which is of the Poales order.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Spata.
The runway length of Athens International Airport, which serves the city of Athens, is 3800.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastián de los Reyes which is part of the Community of Madrid.
Alan Shepard, who was on the crew of Apollo 14, retired 1974-08-01.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin, now retired, was a fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 and a fighter pilot.
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is lead by the European Parliament.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at North Wall, Dublin.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment which is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors.
The " Government of Addis Ababa" are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall, which is 42 metres high.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Tamil is the language of Sri Lanka where Adisham Hall is located.
Alan B. Miller Hall, which has a start date of 30th March 2007, is located at 101 Ukrop Way.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B Miller Hall, designed by Robert A M Stern.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd, Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Aurakles is also known as ''Aurakles'' and was created by Len Wein.
The comic character Ballistic, with the alternative name Kelvin Mao, was created by Doug Moench.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman, broadcasted by the BBC.
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway who is an American.
The Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The creators of the comic character Bolt were Gary Cohn and Paris Cullins.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain.
Almond is an ingredient in ajoblanco which is from Andalusia.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department of Colombia.
Arem arem contains banana leaf and originates from Indonesia.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which can be found in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which can be found in Italy.
Arros negre contains squid and is a traditional dish from Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet's main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It originates from Java.
Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader.
Bacon is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which is a main course.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is said to have originated in the United States, France or China.
Baked Alaska is from China where standard Chinese is spoken.
Baked Alaska and cookies are both desserts.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820 and has ground almond, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has shortcrust pastry as an ingredient.
Lemon (from the Citrus genus) is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, it includes shrimp.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Chinese Filipino people are an ethnic group.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow is a dish.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Tony Tan is it's leader.
Bhajji originates from India where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.
Bhajji, made from wheat or corn flour, is similar to pakora and other fritters made from gram flour.
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes but the main ingredient is banana.
Sweet potatoes are in binignit recipes but the main ingredient is sago.
Binignit is an ingredient of Sweet potato which belongs to flowering plants.
One of the main ingredients of Binignit is the sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Bionico contains granola and is served as a dessert.
Honey can be added to bionico, a dish served for dessert.
Ice cream is a type of dessert, as is Bionico.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay, a variation of Batagor.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) in Turkey is the 27th of July, 1932.
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial.
The red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Dead Man's Plack is made from rock and is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
A.C. Cesena is in the Serie B league whose champions are Carpi F.C. 1909.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and their home ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the C.D. FAS.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and its ground is The Fylde.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and its ground is at Bryning Lane.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for the Italy national football team.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and their ground is in Rome, Italy.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, which is based in Italy.
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer who plays for the Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax N.V. own AFC Ajax, which has 53502 members.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) can be found in Amsterdam where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
AFC Ajax (amateurs), who have 5000 members played in the Topklasse in the 2014-2015 season.
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan and is the ground of AZAL PFK.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek (abbreviated to AZ Alkmaar) has 17023 members.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". It has 17000 members.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and the campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Acharya Institute of Technology, which is affiliated with All India Council for Technical Education, was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers Tennis as a sport and the governing tennis body is the International Tennis Federation.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The Arabian Sea is west of Karnataka which is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
Eric Flint wrote the e-book "1634: The Ram Rebellion".
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems has the abbreviation of ACM Trans. Inf. Syst and the CODEN code "ATISET".
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is a leader.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Glastonbury Romance can be found in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
A Long Long Way has an OCLC number of 57392246 and an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States, where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Above the Veil was written by Australians and was preceded by Aenir.
Above the Veil was written in English and followed the book Aenir.
Above the Veil was preceded by the novel Castle and followed by Aenir.
Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science and Business Media which publishes Acta Mathematica Hungarica.
Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated Admin. Sci. Q, has a CODEN code of "ASCQAG".
Cornell University, affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 320 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline, HIV, which is part of the family Orthoretrovirinae.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where they speak English.
Abilene regional airport serves Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 1219.
The 14L/32R runway in Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Madrid has a length of 4100.0.
Agra Airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the location identifier VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean war.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in both the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1533.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol which serves the city of Amsterdam has a runway length of 3500.0 and is -3.3528 above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway length of 4000 feet.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway named South Runway.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government. It is located 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. It serves the city of Antwerp.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin which is part of Kimberly and little chute.
Appleton International Airport can be found in Greenville, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which has a runway length of 3800.0 and is 211 metres above sea level.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras.
Atlantic City International Airport has the runway name 4/22 and is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Poaceae, of the order Commelinids, is the surface type of the second runway of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand.
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12 with commander David Scott.
Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California where Alan Shepard died on 1998-07-21.
Buzz Aldrin (alternatively called Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr.) was a crew member of Apollo 11 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and spent 52 minutes in space as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St Louis.
Elliot See, who was born on July 23, 1927, has died.
William Anders (born in British Hong Kong on 1933-10-17) was a crew member of Apollo 8.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital and Cyril Ramaphosa as its leader.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Jacob Zuma is a leader and coloured people are an ethnic group.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the leader is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, whose leader is Frank G Jackson.
250 Delaware Avenue is in Buffalo, Erie County, New York.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin.
The 3Arena, designed by the architectural company Populous, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The architect of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark was 3XN and the tenant of the hotel is Marriott International.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by JP McManus.
Addis Ababa City Hall, which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres, is currently occupied by the Government of Addis Ababa.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 in the architectural Tudor Revival style.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 28th September 2013 and has 3 floors with a total area of 3746.66 square metres.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia which was started on 30 March 2007.
Robert Gates served as chancellor of the College of William and Mary which owns Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business is located in Virginia, United States and are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia, which was started on 30 March 2007.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and was constructed in 1911. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places, on 22nd November 1988.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan, New York City, United States.
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
The comic book character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel who is an American.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead is a key person at the BBC which broadcast Bananaman and has its home ground in London.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and starred Bill Oddie.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Bo Bibbowski (full name Bibbo Bibbowski) was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond and was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
Larry Bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character, Bolt who was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon.
The comic character Bolt, with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco (alternatively called Ajo blanco) from Spain.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains water.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java and it's leader is Jusuf Kalla.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region of Italy and one of its ingredients is chili pepper.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region of Italy. It includes garlic.
Arros negre contains squid and is from the Catalonia region in Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce found in Malaysia and Sumatra.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Java. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Bacon and sausage are ingredients in a Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and condiments are ingredients used in preparation of the sandwich.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from both France and the New York region.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from both New York and the United States.
Christmas pudding is a type of dessert, as is Baked Alaska, which has Baked Alaska as an ingredient.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, a dessert. Sandesh (confectionery) is also a dish that can be served as a dessert.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Antioquia Department region and has kidney beans as an ingredient.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
Barny cakes can be made with apple and contain 18.0g of carbohydrates and 1.8g of protein.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader and the currency is the Singapore dollar.
Beef kway teow is found in the countries of Indonesia and Singapore and contains oyster sauce.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Bhajji originates from India and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur and the people are called Indians.
Bhajji originates from India where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region.Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines that contains sweet potato and banana.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico, a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico and it contains raisins.
Celery is a member of the family Apiaceae and is of the genus Apium. It is an ingredient in Bakso.
Cake is served as a dessert, as is bionico which contains granola.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Jakarta is the capital.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java (home of the Baduy people).
Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. It is a food found in Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group.
Arròs negre is from Spain where they speak Spanish and the leader is Felipe VI.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west, and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The leader of the country is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Azerbaijan.
A.C. Cesena, whose ground is in Cesena, has 23900 members and play in Serie B.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for both S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and Calcio Catania.
A.C. Lumezzane, with 4150 members, is in the Lega Pro/A league and played in the 2014 season.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play at the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez and has 10000 members. Their full name is Isidro Metapan.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where two of the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who was at Drogheda United FC but currently plays for Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for both Drogheda United F.C. and Stockport County F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who has represented the club KV Mechelen and played for Irlam Town FC.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and are based at Warton, Fylde.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid CF.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., or A.S Roma for short, has its ground in Rome, Italy and has 70634 members.
AEK Athens F.C., with 69618 members, competes in the Superleague Greece. Their ground is in Athens.
AFC Ajax (amateurs), who have 5000 members played in the 2014 season in the Hoofdklasse league.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League in which AZAL PFK also play. Their ground is the AZAL Arena.
Alkmaar Zaanstreek (abbreviated to AZ Alkmaar) has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense also play in this league.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School and they play in the Premier Development League where K-W United FC have been champions.
Akron Summit Assault has got 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League which K-W United FC were once the champions of.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader of the Italians.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Athens, the mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is Mario Botta. There are 600 students at the Accademia which is located in Switzerland.
The motto of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India, is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The largest city in India is Mumbai and one of the country's rivers is the Ganges. The country is the location of the AWH Engineering College.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which has the latin name Universitas Apulensis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has a staff compliment of 737 and 16000 students.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is available in print form and has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California, is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis, which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War.
Eric Flint wrote the e-book "1634: The Ram Rebellion". It is 512 pages long.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al and is 512 pages long.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) is part of the academic Discipline of Computer Science. The ISSN number is 1558-2868.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and is the editor of AIP Advances published by the American Institute of Physics.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and has the CODEN code of "AAIDBI".
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Long Long Way, written in English, was followed by The Secret Scripture. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader.
A Severed Wasp, with OCLC number 8805735 and Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982, is available in print.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and was published in print with the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Above the Veil was written by Australians and was preceded by the novel Castle.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the abbreviation of "Acta Math. Hungar." and the LCCN number of 83646315. It also has the ISSN number 1588-2632.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar) discipline is Math and has the ISSN number 0236-5294.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbrv. Acta Palaeontol. Pol) has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
Addiction journal (abbreviated to Addiction) is about addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in print and has the OCLC number 45644811.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was produced in print with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math. and comes under the discipline of Math. It has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
Am. J. Math is the abbreviation for the American Journal of Mathematics which was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly, which is abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q.
AIDS (journal) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the UK is David Cameron.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where they speak English and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas, United States and has a runway length of 1121.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Alcobendas, Spain is operated by ENAIRE. ENAIRE is located in Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.
Uttar Pradesh is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport at 167.94 metres above sea level.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan where the leader is the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Amsterdam is served by the Schipol airport which is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway, which is 2014.0 in length, is named 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Austin is the capital and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano. They speak English there.
Andrews County Airport is located in English speaking Texas (United States), where the local people are known as Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Spanish is spoken and the local people are known as Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and is 159 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The Flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish region.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. Greenville is part of Menasha and Dale, Wisconsin.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae. This plant is in the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the order of Poales and Commelinids.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway name is 03R/21L and it has a length of 597.0.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Its runway length is 1873.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid, Spain.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids.
Alan Bean is a US national who served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission under commander David Scott.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 and retired on August 1st, 1974.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who was born in New Hampshire and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a test pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 14.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was a student at University of Texas at Austin. He was a test pilot and died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the university of texas system. He died in St. Louis which is part of the kingdom of France.
Elliot See died in St Louis on 28 February 1966. He was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. William Anders retired on September 1st, 1969.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town, Cyril Ramaphosa is a leader and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where Cape Town is the capital and white South Africans and Asian South Africans live.
Cleveland City Council governs Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where 200 Public Square is located.
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and was begun in January 2014. It has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Susana Mendoza.
Live Nation Entertainment owns 3Arena in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Criona Ni Dhalaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
Live Nation Entertainment own 3Arena in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Criona Ni Dhalaigh was Lord Mayor of Dublin.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen (which has 23 floors) is Bella Center and the tenant is Marriott International. The hotel was designed by the architectural firm 3XN.
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in Sri Lanka in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken.
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 in the Tudor Revival style.
The Filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The architect of the Hall is Robert A M Stern.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and they are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009 and is situated in Virginia.
Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, whose leader is T S Thakur.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of the Riverside Art Museum and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States.
Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham which has the B postcode and is the hometown of Joh Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row.
Addis Ababa City Hall and Addis Ababa Stadium are both located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States where the capital city is Washington DC. The President is the head of state and the country is the location of 250 Delaware Avenue.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright. It was first broadcast by STV on 3 October 1983.
The comic character Bolt, with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and starred Damon Wayans Jr.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung. Baymax was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 that was created by the american Duncan Rouleau and starred Maya Rudolph.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water, and olive oil are the main ingredients in Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia in Spain.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) originates from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains water.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is a dish of Javanese cuisine and a variation of Lemper.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. It consists of compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the Rome region of Italy. It includes tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Asam pedas, also known as Asam padeh, is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. It is found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia and the Minangkabau people are found in Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion originates from the Kansas City metropolitan area of the United States.Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the country is Washington D.C.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. One of the ingredients in a bacon sandwich is bacon and it can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The country that bacon sandwich comes from is the United Kingdom. Variations include the BLT and it can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. Brown sauce can be added to a bacon sandwich.
The bacon sandwich, which is popular in the UK, has different names including: Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska, which can be found in Hong Kong, New York and Paris and is said to have originated in France, the United States or China.
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding). The dish comes from either Paris, New York or Hong Kong and is popular in the U.S.
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variant of Bakewell pudding and popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. It includes ground almond, jam, butter and eggs and is served as a dessert.
The shortcrust pastry based dessert Bakewell Tart (or pudding) is popular in the Derbyshire Dales area of Derbyshire.
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce found in Indonesia. It is a variation of the Siomay dish.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai (which contains shiitake) and Siomay. It originates from Indonesia.
Standard Chinese is a language spoken in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob. Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia and Singapore. Its ingredients include kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow. The dish comes from Singapore and is served in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore and English is spoken there.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Bhajji originates from India where the people are known as Indian. T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. T. S. Thakur is a leader in India and Vajubhai Vala is also a leader.
Cookies and binignit (which contains sweet potato) are types of dessert. The latter dish comes from the Solanales order of plants.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico and is made from chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico. It comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bakso is made in China and Indonesia (capital Jakarta). Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia.
Bakso, which contains celery, is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders include Sergio Mattarella and Matteo Renzi.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java (home of the Baduy people). Singapore's leader is Halimah Yacob.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java and the leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
The llocano people and the Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group and the currency is the Euro. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the north of Adams County lies Cumberland County and to the southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Carroll County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by Artur Rasizade, and legislated by the National Assembly.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan where the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade.
The fullname of A.C. Chievo Verona is Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. and their ground is in Verona, Italy. They have 39371 members and played the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D at the Carrarese Calcio.
Italian born Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane. He also plays for Torino F.C. and F.C. Bari 1908.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece, where Greek is spoken and the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio Srl (abbreviated to A.S. Gubbio) has 5300 members and competed in the 2014 season.
The full name of AS Gubbio 1910 is "Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl", they have 5300 members and their ground is Stadio Pietro Barbetti. They played in the 2014 season.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and were in the 2014-15 Serie B season. Their home ground is the Stadio Armando Picchi.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A., or A.S Roma for short, has its ground in Rome and has 70634 members. A.S. Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Also in the league are AZAL PFK who play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League. Also in the league are AZAL PFK who play their home matches at the AZAL Arena and have 3500 members.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eehoorn. He also plays for AFC Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
The Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions at the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who have the nickname Asa Gigante, also play in this league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in Brazil's Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and competed in the 2015 event. Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
Akron Summit Assault (Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault) has 3000 members and are managed by Denzil Antonio. The club played in the 2011 PDL season.
K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League, which Akron Summit Assault play in. Their ground is in Akron, Ohio, in the United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome, the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy and the official language is Italian.
Juventus FC have been champions of Serie A in which AS Roma also play. AS Roma's full name is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and their ground is Stadio Olimpico.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff lead by Dean Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio was established in Switzerland in 1996. It has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff lead by Dean Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai. It was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has an academic staff of 737. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by 1634: The Baltic War (written in English) and followed by Ring of Fire II (written in English).
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and has 512 pages. It can be found as an E book and has an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the capital city is London. The country is where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and was produced in print with the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press. It was followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the Library of Congress Classification of PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American. It is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. The OCLC number is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8.
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is published in Hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313 and ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Addiction journal (abbreviated to Addiction) is about addiction. It has the ISSN number 1360-0443 and the LCCN number 93645978.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. and is written in English. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C. and one of its ethnic groups are the African Americans.
The American Journal of Mathematics (Am. J. Math) is published bi-monthly with its discipline being Math. It has an ISSN number 1080-6377.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is abbreviated to Am. J. Math. It comes under the discipline of Math and the ISSN number is 1080-6377.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where they speak English, same as in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Asian Americans are one of many ethnic groups in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. They speak English, same as in Great Britain.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and like in Great Britain, English is spoken.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African American. They speak English there.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Jones County, Texas, United States and has a runway length of 2194.0.
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport which serves the city of Abilene in Texas. The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0 which is named 17L/35R.
KABI is the ICAO location identifier of Abilene Regional Airport which serves the city of Abilene in Texas. The airport is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194.0 which is named 17R/35L.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located in Madrid and is 610 metres above sea level. It is operated by ENAIRE and has the runway name 14L/32R with a length of 4349.0.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra Airport which has the local name of Kheria Air Force Station.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean War. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 on their aircraft carriers, use the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as transport aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean war. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft as well as the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is one of the leaders of Pakistan.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport, which serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of Punjab is Shehbaz Sharif.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Spanish is spoken and the largest city is Houston. The capital of Texas is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Spanish is spoken and the largest city is Houston. Texas' capital is Austin and its inhabitants are called Texans.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo,Luanda Province,Angola.The airport is 159 meters above sea level and serves the city of Luanda.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola and is 159 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 4000.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. It serves the city of Antwerp and is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It is elevated 280 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. The runway name is 3/21.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin,United States and serves the city of Appleton.Greenville is part of Clayton Winnebago County and Menasha (town)Wisconsin.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand. Its runway name is 03R/21L, is 1411.0 in length and is 34 meters above sea level. The third runway there is made of Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport in Ashgabat is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. It is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. The runway name is 12R/30L.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is 23 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier of KACY. The runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 1873.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The Flemish government leads and has jurisdiction of the Flemish region. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, Essex County, New York and Saranac Lake (part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States).
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard died on 21 July 1998 in California. He was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923 and graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire and selected by NASA in 1959, has died.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot and David Scott as commander. Bean spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System and competes in the Big 12 Conference. Gregory L. Fenves is the appointed president of the University of Texas at Ausitin.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University Of Texas system and will compete in the Big 12 Conference.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders worked for NASA and became a crew member of Apollo 8 with Buzz Aldrin as his back up pilot. William Anders retired on September 1st, 1969.
London, the capital of the UK is lead by Boris Johnson along with Elizabeth II. The UK uses the pound sterling as currency and is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, began in January 2014. The building has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres) and cost 110 million dollars.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States and has 60 floors. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Dáil Éireann is a leader in Dublin.
Adisham Hall was constructed between 1927 and 1931 at St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe, the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and the country has an ethnic group called the Japanese.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Narendra Modi is a leader in India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is T S Thakur.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, The Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, The Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, The Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913 in the Arts and Crafts Movement architectural style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. They were constructed in 1904 and have the Romanesque Revival style of architecture. The Reference Number in the National Register of Historic Places is 80002709 and was added on 1980-04-23.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New York, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. Birmingham has the postcode area 'B' and is governed by the Birmingham City Council and Andrew Mitchell.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are both located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn are leaders in this country.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which is lead by the President. One of the ethnic groups in the country are the African Americans and the language spoken is English. John Roberts is a leader in the United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, which is lead by the President. Joe Biden is a leader in the United States, and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the White Americans.
Bananaman first aired on the BBC on October 3rd, 1983 and broadcast its last episode on April 15th, 1986. Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in the series which was created by John Geering.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit. Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Ajoblanco (or Ajo blanco) originates from the Andalusia region of Spain.Its main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Amatriciana is a sauce from Lazio, Italy. It includes tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia. The country's leader is Joko Widodo and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is a leader, Rome is the capital and Italian is the language spoken.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, Spain. The leader of the community of Valencia is Ximo Puig and the leader of Spain is Felipe VI. Spaniards are the name for the people of Spain.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups in the country. Kuala Lumpur is the capital of Malaysia.
Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia where the Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Indian are ethnic groups. Asam pedas is a food from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are "squeezed" or "smashed" chicken served with sambal.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in ayam penyet which is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Barack Obama was once the leader there, the capital is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
Baked Alaska is from France where French is spoken and the leader is Gérard Larcher. Baked Alaska is also served in Hong Kong where Carrie Lam is the leader.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales (in Derbyshire), where Patrick McLoughlin is a leader. Shortcrust pastry is a main ingredient.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region. One of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the genus citrus and the rutaceae family.
Bandeja paisa is part of Columbian cuisine from the Paisa region. It includes lemons which are from the order Rosids and the family Rutaceae.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France, where French is spoken and Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Created by Mondelez International (founded in Chicago), Barny Cakes come from France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher is the leader.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are both leaders in Singapore, a country where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and also found in Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India.Its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.Its alternative names are Bhaji and bajji too.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. Indians is the name given to people from India.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero. Cake is also a dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico. Cake is also a dessert.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales. This community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding called bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient.
Patrick McLoughlin is a leader in the Derbyshire community of Derbyshire Dales. This community is known for a variant of bakewell pudding called bakewell tart which has frangipane as an ingredient.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Indonesian is the language spoken. Jakarta is the capital of Indonesia.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. Sergio Mattarella and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the people who live there are called Italians.
Ayam penyet is from Singapore and Java. English is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob. Baduy is an ethnic group from Java.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. Ethnic groups there include the Ilocano people and the Igorot people. Languages spoken are Philippine English and Arabic.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where the Spaniards are from.The country's currency is the Euro and the language spoken is Spanish.The leader of the country is Felipe VI.
The municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania is the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry monument. Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. Carrol County Maryland lies to the southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, a country led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade, and legislated by the National Assembly.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial in Azerbaijan (known in Turkish as Turk Sehitleri Aniti) was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The soldiers of the Ottoman army who were killed in the Battle of Baku are commemorated by the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Azerbaijan. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan where the leader is the Prime Minister.
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their ground. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who was at Chesterfield FC but now plays for KV Mechelen.
AEK Athens F.C. are managed by Gus Poyet who used to play for Chelsea F.C. AEK Athens FC compete in the Superleague Greece, the previous champions of which were Olympiacos FC.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca which is located in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, who are managed by Vica, also play in the league and have 17000 members.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Johann Schneider-Ammann is the leader of Switzerland where the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda. The Arabian Sea is west of the state.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
The novel A Long Long Way was written in Ireland, where white people are an ethnic group. It was followed by The Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Faber.
The novel A Long Long Way was written in Ireland, where white people are an ethnic group. It was followed by The Secret Scripture, published by Faber and Faber.
The novel Castle came out followed by Aenir and Above the Veil. These books were written by Australians and were followed by Into Battle and The Violet Keystone.
Cornell University, nicknamed Cornell Big Red, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. The University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Cornell University, nickname Cornell Big Red, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. The University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Barack Obama is the leader. It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the African Americans.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where Joe Biden is a leader and one of the ethnic groups is African American. They speak English, same as in Great Britain.
London is the capital city of the United Kingdom where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders. The country uses the English language and is where the AIDS journal is from.
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish AIDS (journal). The journal is published in the UK where Elizabeth II and David Cameron are leaders.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. They speak English, same as in Great Britain.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission under commander David Scott. Alan Bean is now retired.
Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was a member of the Apollo 14 crew, which was operated by NASA. Shepard retired on August 1st, 1974 and later died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California on 1998-07-21. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr (more usually known as Buzz) was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin graduated in 1963 from MIT with a Sc.D. He then went on to join NASA in 1963 where he became a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew along with William Anders as a back up pilot.
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is part of the U of Texas system. See died in St. Louis.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and became a test pilot before being a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir, Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Prime Minister Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan which is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield which is the location of the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument which was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The monument is owned by the National Park Service.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument (established 1907-07-11) is located on the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The Monocacy National Battlefield is owned by the National Park Service.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and it has 600 students. Johann Schneider-Ammann is the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. Its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar and it was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy, its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The state of Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to the west and is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology. The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai and is in the sport of tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as it's governing body.
The All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai granted Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology in Belgaum. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum and one of the sports offered at the campus is tennis which has the International Tennis Federation as it's governing body.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis, its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus. The School was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association and has an academic staff of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas on 15 March 1932. He became a test pilot and became a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He worked as a test pilot and became a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. He is now retired. The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott.
Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member of Apollo 14. He died in California.
Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was a test pilot, who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Edwin E Aldrin Jr (more usually known as Buzz) was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission alongside backup pilot William Anders. Joe Biden is a United States leader.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the U of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the U of Texas system. He was a test pilot. See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the U of Texas at Austin and worked as a test pilot. He died on Feb 28, 1966 in St. Louis.
William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on 17 October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and became a fighter pilot. He retired on 1 September 1969.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property. It is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County and Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County.
Pietro Canonica designed the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir, Turkey. The country's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan where the leader is the Prime Minister and the legislature is the National Assembly. The city is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble. The memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died in the Battle of Baku.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence". It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest. The Ganges is a river in India and Mumbai is its largest city.
The Germans of Romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The capital city is Bucharest and the national anthem is "Desteapta-te, romane!". The country is the location of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University which is dedicated to the city of Alba Iulia.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
