april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc . (id2)
benjamin urich is the full name of ben urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
jon valor is also known as the black pirate . (id7)
john buscema won the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is an american . (id9)
marv wolfman won the kirby award . (id10)
peter laird is from the united states . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by the american , peter laird . (id13)
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
bananaman , broadcasted by stv , stars graeme garden . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . (id18)
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mckenzie . (id20)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman . (id21)
marv wolfman created the character bibbo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbo . (id22)
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rene goscinny . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 . (id24)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit . (id25)
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and features the character baymax . (id26)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter . (id27)
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn . (id29)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn . (id30)
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house and broadcasts bananaman . the bbc also produces bbc radio . (id31)
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 . (id32)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau . (id33)
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national . (id34)
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . (id35)
