abilene regional airport serves the city in texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway number is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
denmark is inhabited by danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force bombed libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres and is operated by aarus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 610 metres above sea level and is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
located in punjab , pakistan , allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarus airport . the runway name is 10r / 28l and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the 1st runway at alderney airport , which serves the city , is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which operates allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , in the u . s . a .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
the german language is spoken in belgium where antwerp international airport serves the city .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at the four world trade center and serves new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is lead by ahora madrid and is part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city in texas . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . it serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 3500 meters long .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it is 2014 metres long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it is 2014 metres long .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
the antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the dutch government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgaberat , turkmenistan . their hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves atlantic city . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
charles michel is the leader of belgium where the german language is spoken . the country is the location of antwerp international airport which serves the city .
phillipe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . the country is the location of antwerp international airport which serves the city .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and one of the languages spoken is kurdish .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the kurdish language is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 4100 metres long .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3992 . 88 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city . the 1st runway at the airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves the city of leinster in michigan , united states .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpenae . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the county of michigan . the airport serves the city of leinster and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the u . s . a . and serves the city of alpena . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it serves the city of atlantic city which is lead by don guardian .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders in belgium , where the capital city is brussels . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwwerp .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is one of the languages spoken there .
