the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast . (id2)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id3)
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . (id6)
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland . (id11)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . (id12)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . (id13)
the ataturk monument ( i zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in the state of pennsylvania in the united states . (id15)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister , artur rasizade . (id16)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . (id17)
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 . (id18)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument . (id19)
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is called the president . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id21)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland . (id22)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade . (id23)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly . (id24)
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument ( i zmir ) is located in turkey . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county maryland is to the southeast and frederick county , maryland to the southwest . (id27)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader . (id28)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( also known as turk sehitleri aniti ) is located in baku , azerbaijan . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district . (id30)
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id31)
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id32)
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the largest city is istanbul and the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . (id33)
