the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba . (id1)
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy . (id2)
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id3)
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride . (id4)
bucharest is the capital of romania . (id5)
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab . (id8)
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id9)
the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy . (id10)
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id11)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi . (id12)
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id14)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi and has mahe , india to its northwest . (id15)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and the ethnic group is the germans of romania . (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 . (id19)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id23)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest . (id24)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarus . the city is governed by a magistrate . (id25)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! the country has an ethnic group called the germans of romania . (id27)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen . (id32)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india . (id34)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the city is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is known as the monarchy of denmark and its religion is the church of denmark . (id40)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id41)
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the germans of romania . (id43)
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarus . the school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of mendriso , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . switzerland ' s leader is known as the federal chancellor . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is " nurturing excellence " . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . (id47)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen and its government type is magistrate . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16000 students and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen and its latin name is universitas aarusiensis . (id51)
