the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the town of giubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league greece season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago is attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in the united states .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town fc .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who plays for a s roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is tenanted by jong ajax .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he is also attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . the club has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of exfeteinoupoli .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " , they have 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . halton and runcorn fc halton .
afc fylde are managed by dave challinor who plays for colwyn bay fc and stockport county f . c .
livorno calcio s . p . a . has the full name of " livorno calcio sv " and their ground is in livorno , italy . they have 19238 members .
a . s . livorno calcio , managed by christian panucci , play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 have been champions .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and real madrid c . f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is located in greece and they play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc have been champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio , empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . d . licata 1931 . he is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago played for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is attached to the club asd nola 1925 . he has been manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti . he has been manager of a . c . cesena .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio . he has been manager of ac chievo verona .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for torino fc and a . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is in the a epsth 2nd group league and has 1500 members . their chairman is antonis milionis and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fyld , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to " association football club " ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane . they played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa has been manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv fc . he also plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the owner of the ground is afc ajax n . v . and the tenant is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , whose full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden godenzonen .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem . he is a member of the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which was previously won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane who have their ground in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian . they play in serie d , the champions of which are ss robur siena .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . their manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the language spoken is italian . the capital of the country is rome and the people are known as italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
