albany , georgia has the area code 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is mayor . (id3)
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate . (id5)
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres . (id6)
amarillo is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana is at an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level . (id16)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id18)
austin is part of texas . (id19)
spanish is the language spoken in california . (id20)
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is in the united states . (id22)
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in the united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california is in the united states . (id26)
portland is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . (id28)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol . (id30)
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio , united states . (id31)
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem . (id32)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives . (id33)
amarillo is part of texas in the united states . (id34)
anaheim , california is lead by the united states house of representatives . (id35)
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states . (id36)
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id37)
antioch , california is elevated 13 . 0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . (id38)
arlington , texas has an area of 258 . 2 square kilometres and an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level . (id39)
arlington is part of texas in the united states . (id40)
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states . (id41)
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id42)
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . (id43)
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id45)
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . (id47)
amarillo , texas is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . (id48)
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in albuquerque , new mexico , united states . (id49)
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . (id50)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located . (id51)
english is the language of the united states where akron , ohio is located . (id52)
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president . (id53)
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the new mexico senate and has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area is 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id57)
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c . (id58)
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a utc offset of - 7 . the area code is 765 . (id59)
the california state senate is located in the california state capitol and is the leader of anaheim , california . (id60)
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id62)
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california , which is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area . (id63)
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states , where the county seat is fort worth . (id64)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and atlanta is the capital . (id65)
404 is the area code for atlanta which has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of new jersey where the largest city is newark . (id67)
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the united states is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . (id69)
auburn is part of washington state in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . (id70)
auburn is part of washington state in the united states . the capital of the state is olympia . (id71)
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta . (id72)
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in the county is anderson . (id73)
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital is trenton . (id74)
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of arlington , texas . (id75)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where attica is located in fountain county , indiana . (id76)
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . (id77)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio . (id78)
asian americans are an ethnic group in akron , summit county , ohio , united states . (id79)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id80)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and albuquerque , new mexico is located . (id81)
albany , georgia is located in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id82)
angola , indiana is located in the united states where the language is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id83)
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia , where the language is english . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . (id84)
albuquerque , new mexico has an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area codes are 505 and 575 . (id85)
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat is atlanta . (id86)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id87)
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin . (id88)
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly . the assembly is located at california state capitol and spanish is spoken in the state . (id89)
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area is 107 . 43 square kilometres and is 268 . 0 metres above sea level . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id91)
antioch , california has an area of 75 . 324 square kilometres and a population of 102372 . the area code is 925 and the utc offset is - 7 . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey has an area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code is 609 and the leader is called the mayor of atlantic city . (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in alabama . (id94)
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
auburn is part of pierce county in king county , washington , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . (id96)
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . (id97)
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos . (id98)
the chinese language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly . the assembly is located in california state capitol and anaheim is part of the state . (id99)
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat is atlanta . (id100)
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana . (id101)
english is the language spoken in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and where arlington is located . (id102)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans . albany is located in benton county , oregon . (id103)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the largest city is new york city . (id104)
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id105)
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans . (id106)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . (id107)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albuquerque which is lead by the mayor of albuquerque . (id108)
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the language is english and native americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id109)
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where the language is english and asian americans are an ethnic group . (id110)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the united states is known as the president and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans . (id112)
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , u . s . a . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . (id113)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . (id114)
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english . (id115)
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the english language is spoken . amarillo is part of potter county , texas . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id117)
antioch is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area , california . it is lead by the 11th state assembly district and uses the english language . (id118)
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and 344 . 9 square kilometres of land . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres above sea level . (id120)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . the state of alabama is home to auburn which is part of lee county . (id121)
auburn , washington , united states is part of pierce county and king county . it has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id122)
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where the english language is spoken and the county seat is georgetown . austin is part of williamson county . (id123)
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of austin which is part of hays county where the county seat is san marcos . (id124)
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken . austin is part of hays county which has san marcos as its county seat . (id125)
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english . (id126)
the largest city in texas is houston and the language spoken is spanish . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of tarrant county where the county seat is fort worth . (id127)
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the largest city is fort worth . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . (id128)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us . (id129)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id130)
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans . (id131)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where english is spoken and the demonym for people living there is americans . (id132)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native americans . the country is the location of lee county , alabama which is part of auburn , alabama . (id133)
opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama which is part of alabama in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are the native americans . (id134)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . (id135)
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where the language is english . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id136)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans . (id137)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and akron is part of summit county , ohio . (id138)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the location of albany , georgia . (id139)
