april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
benjamin urich is the full name of ben urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as the black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
april o ' neil was created by the american , peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , broadcasted by stv , stars graeme garden .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
marv wolfman created the character bibbo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbo .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and features the character baymax .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house and broadcasts bananaman . the bbc also produces bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
