11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds are in the architectural style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is a leader in buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
the demonym for people in india is indian .
julia morgan designed the significant los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler from the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the architectural company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in the country of ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat , india .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building in the united states was designed by the architect george winkler and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay which was completed in december 2008 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business , located in the united states , are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including chinatown in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomaar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat where the leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
103 colmore row in birmingham has 23 floors and was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans and coloured south africans are ethnic groups in the country .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle in illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the filipinos .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is lead by cyrus vance jr . manhattan and brooklyn are both parts of the city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( postal code b ) . the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by the labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the uk is the leader . the capital of the country is london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president . joe biden is a leader in the us .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was started in january 2014 and has the postmodern architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader . the capital of illinois is springfield .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
the architect augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addid ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader . ampara hospital is located in the eastern province which is governed by the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan is lead by cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is birmingham city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy . the city has the b postcode .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . two of the leaders are john roberts and barack obama .
