aaron s . daggett won the purple heart . (id1)
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run . (id2)
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands . (id3)
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the vice president . (id4)
abdul taib mahmud is in the parti bumiputera sarawak party . (id5)
abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman taib . (id6)
abdulam abubakar ' s active years end on 1999 - 05 - 29 . (id7)
abubakar was born in minna . (id8)
abubakar was born in niger state . (id9)
abner w . sibal ' s active years end on 1965 - 01 - 03 . (id10)
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia . (id11)
adam holloway was born in kent . (id12)
adam holloway lives in gravesend . (id13)
adenan satem graduated from the university of adelaide . (id14)
adolf scharf was born in mikulov . (id15)
adonis georgiadis served as prime minister while antonis samaras was the leader . (id16)
adonis georgiadis worked as the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping . (id17)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf . (id18)
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . (id19)
airey neave ' s active years start on june 30th , 1953 . (id20)
airey neave was awarded the military cross . (id21)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . (id22)
airey neave is a lieutenant colonel . (id23)
airey neave started service in 1935 . (id24)
albert b . white is a republican . (id25)
albert b . white ' s wife was agnes ward white . (id26)
albert jennings fountain was a member of the union army . (id27)
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina . (id28)
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy . (id29)
alfred gorbach died in austria . (id30)
alfred moore scales ' active years start on 1875 - 03 - 04 . (id31)
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville . (id32)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . (id33)
alfred n . phillips worked as mayor of stamford , connecticut . (id34)
allan shivers started his active years on january 21 , 1947 . (id35)
allan shivers was a member of the united states army . (id36)
allan shivers was succeeded by price daniel . (id37)
alvah sabin ' s active years start on march 4th , 1853 . (id38)
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) . (id39)
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war . (id40)
the language of austria is austrian german . (id41)
robert e . lee was the commander of the battle of antietam . (id42)
battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war . (id43)
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti . (id44)
colin powell was the commander of the gulf war . (id45)
john f . kennedy was preceded by dwight d . eisenhower . (id46)
josef klaus graduated from the university of vienna . (id47)
juan carlos i of spain was preceded by francisco franco . (id48)
juan peron is a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . (id49)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands . (id50)
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war . (id51)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland . (id52)
the purple heart was awarded to aaron s . daggett , who fought in the battle of fredericksburg . (id53)
the purple heart was awarded to aaron s . daggett for his battles at the battle of gettysburg . (id54)
abdul taib mahmud was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub who has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy . (id55)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party . (id56)
abubakar was born in minna and graduated from technical institute kaduna . (id57)
abdullalami abubakar was born in niger state and worked as chief of the defence staff in nigeria . (id58)
al - amin daggash was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria . (id59)
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulamid abubakar who served from 1999 - 05 - 29 . (id60)
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulamid abubakar who is in office while vice president mike akhigbe is also in office . (id61)
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii under commander joseph stalin . (id62)
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army , which fought in the korean war . (id63)
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id64)
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend . (id65)
adam koc was awarded the virtuti militari for his role in world war i . (id66)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally . (id67)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . (id68)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally . (id69)
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader . (id70)
airey neave of the royal artillery was awarded the military cross . (id71)
airey neave ' s active years start on 1974 - 03 - 04 and he fought in the battle of france . (id72)
airey neave fought in the battle of france commanded by hugo sperrle . (id73)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii . (id74)
airey neave fought in world war ii under commander franklin d . roosevelt . (id75)
airey neave fought in world war ii under commander joseph stalin . (id76)
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and died in 1941 . (id77)
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and served as a politician . (id78)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . (id79)
albert jennings fountain served as vice president under edmund j . davis and died in new mexico . (id80)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a republican . (id81)
the provisional president of the argentine senate is alberto teisaire who was succeeded by isaac rojas . (id82)
alfred gorbach was born in austria - hungary . (id83)
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the tyrol state . (id84)
the governor of north carolina was alfred moore scales who was succeeded by james w . reid . (id85)
alfred moore scales was succeeded by daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university . (id86)
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked for the united states house of representatives . (id87)
alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states army , which fought in the american civil war . (id88)
allan shivers fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin . (id89)
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur . (id90)
allan shivers , who was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur , was succeeded by ben ramsey . (id91)
the secretary of state of vermont was born on october 23rd , 1793 . (id92)
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro . (id93)
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . (id94)
albert b . white died in parker , west virginia , united states . (id95)
born in maine , aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart for his role in the battle of fredericksburg . (id96)
ab klink was born in the netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal . (id97)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub who has stephen yong kuet tze as his deputy . (id98)
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati ( sarawak ) party . (id99)
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from technical institute kaduna . he worked as chief of the defence staff in nigeria . (id100)
olusegun obasanjo was the vice president of the country . he was succeeded by abdulamid abubakar who was a member of the nigerian air force . (id101)
olusegun obasanjo was the vice president of the country . he was succeeded by abdulamid abubakar who was a member of the nigerian army . (id102)
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain . he worked as a member of the congress of deputies . (id103)
the spanish socialist workers ' party ' s abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . (id104)
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army who fought in world war ii . the commander of the war was joseph stalin . (id105)
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district . he is a republican . (id106)
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war commanded by george h . w . bush . (id107)
the conservative party ' s adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . (id108)
born in congress poland , adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which was commanded by leon trotsky . (id109)
leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war . adam koc fought in this war . (id110)
the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally is adonis georgiadis who was born in athens , greece . (id111)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as the minister for health . (id112)
the leader of new democracy ( greece ) is adonis georgiadis who is in office while prime minister antonis samaras . the party ' s colours are blue . (id113)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant was born and worked as a representative in the house of representatives . (id114)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant is a member of the socialist party . (id115)
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university in nijmegen . she worked as a member of the house of representatives . (id116)
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his active years on july 30th , 1953 and ended on march 30 , 1979 . (id117)
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , started his active years on 1974 - 03 - 04 and ended on 1979 . 03 - 30 . (id118)
albert b . white was born on the 22nd of september , 1856 and died on the 3rd of july , 1941 . (id119)
william m . dawson was the successor of albert b . white who was born in marietta , ohio and was the spouse of agnes ward white . (id120)
albert jennings fountain was born on staten island and died in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id121)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico . (id122)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states . (id123)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the city of buenos aires where the governing body is the buenos aires city legislature and where alberto teisaire died . (id124)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas . (id125)
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the county of tyrol and died in graz . (id126)
albert e . austin was the successor of alfred n . phillips who was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . (id127)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was succeeded by albert e . austin . (id128)
wilfred r . cousins , jr . was the successor of allan shivers who was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur . (id129)
burlington , vermont is the largest city in vermont which is the location of the town of alvah sabin who died on march 3rd , 1857 . (id130)
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd , 1793 and was a member of the whig party ( led by henry clay ) . (id131)
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party in the united states which is the party of alvah sabin who was born in georgia , vermont . (id132)
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war . the commander of the war was abraham lincoln . (id133)
the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis and alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg . (id134)
the leader of austria is doris bures . alfred gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria . (id135)
the leader of austria is doris bures . alfred gorbach was born in the tyrol state and died in austria . (id136)
alfred gorbach died in austria where the leader is doris bures . (id137)
the battle of salem church was part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee and aaron s . daggett . (id138)
the euro is the currency of the netherlands where ab klink was born in stellendam . (id139)
adam koc is from poland where the language is polish and the ethnic group is the kashubians . (id140)
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury . (id141)
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart for his role in the battle of the wilderness . (id142)
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended the erasmus university in rotterdam which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he worked for the ministry of health , welfare and sport . (id143)
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and resides in kuching , asajaya . (id144)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in the region of asajaya . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party . (id145)
abdul taib mahmud is the leader of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak . he was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in sarawk . his successor is adenan satem . (id146)
the leader of sarawak is abdul taib mahmud who is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . his predecessor was adenan satem who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo . (id147)
oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar who is the vice president . the nigerian army is the military branch of the government . (id148)
oladipo diya and al - amin daggash were the previous leaders of the nigerian air force . the current chief of staff is abdulamid abubakar who served as vice president . (id149)
felipe gonzalez was the prime minister and the monarch of spain , who was preceded by francisco franco . the monarch was born in galicia , spain . (id150)
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party and worked as minister of transport . (id151)
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he is a us national and his wife is casey . (id152)
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he fought in the gulf war and started his active years on 05 / 05 / 2005 . (id153)
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . the polish language is spoken in poland and the commander of the war was joseph stalin . (id154)
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . he died in new york city . (id155)
the vice - president of new democracy , adonis georgiadis , was born in athens , greece . he was succeeded by makis voridis . (id156)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked for the ministry of economy development and tourism , greece and was succeeded by makis voridis . (id157)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as a member of the hellenic parliament and was succeeded by makis voridis . (id158)
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro and the leader is emile roemer . (id159)
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands where agnes kant , a member of the socialist party , worked as a representative in the house of representatives . (id160)
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the leader party is the socialist party ( netherlands ) . (id161)
agnes kant is a dutch national who is a member of the socialist party ( led by emile roemer ) . the party ' s colours are red . (id162)
airey neave , who was born in knightsbridge , london , fought in the battle of france . he was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 to 1979 - 03 - 30 . (id163)
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london and fought in the battle of france . he was active from 1974 to 1979 . (id164)
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery in hohne who fought in world war ii under commander chiang kai - shek . (id165)
albert b . white was born in cleveland , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson . (id166)
william m . dawson was the successor of albert b . white who was born in cleveland on the 4th of march , 1901 . (id167)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken . he fought in the american civil war , commanded by abraham lincoln . (id168)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he fought in the american civil war where the commander was jefferson davis . (id169)
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico . (id170)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the justicialist party ' s leader is alberto teisaire . he was in office while president juan peron and died in buenos aires . (id171)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas . (id172)
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina and served as governor of north carolina . he was succeeded by daniel gould fowle and is a member of the democratic party . (id173)
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was in the united states army and fought in the whiskey rebellion . (id174)
the democratic party ' s alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was succeeded by albert e . austin . (id175)
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and is a member of the democratic party . he served as mayor of stamford , connecticut , and was succeeded by albert e . austin . (id176)
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and is a member of the democratic party . he served as governor of texas and was succeeded by price daniel . (id177)
the democratic party ' s allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served as governor of texas . he was succeeded by wilfred r . cousins jr . (id178)
vermont ' s largest city is burlington and the secretary of state of vermont is alvah sabin who is from the 3rd congressional district . (id179)
daniel webster is the leader of the whig party which is the party of vermont where the largest city is burlington . the party is the home to the politician , alvah sabin , who is from vermont . (id180)
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war , where aaron s . daggett was awarded the purple heart for his battles at the battle of gettysburg . (id181)
juan peron is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) . the language spoken in the country is spanish and the leader is called alberto teisaire . (id182)
born in mendoza , argentina , alberto teisaire was the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) . he was succeeded by isaac rojas and served as president . (id183)
abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21 , 1936 in asajaya , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and resides in kuching . (id184)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was succeeded by adenan satem who attended the university of adelaide . (id185)
oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar , who served as vice president . (id186)
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulipo diya , who was the vice president . the nigerian army was the military branch of the government , which lasted until 1999 - 05 - 29 . (id187)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party and served as governor of connecticut . (id188)
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he was a member of the democratic party and worked as the united states secretary of health education and welfare . (id189)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national and had a wife called casey . (id190)
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the grenadier guards and worked as a member of parliament for gravesham . his active years start on 2005 - 05 - 05 . (id191)
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and is in the military branch of the grenadier guards . his active years start on 2005 - 05 - 05 . (id192)
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he served as prime minister while konstantinos mitsotakis was the leader . he was succeeded by makis voridis . (id193)
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the party is the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the country is the home of agnes kant who worked as a representative in the house of representatives . (id194)
mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders in the netherlands where agnes kant is a national . she has a residence in doesburg and worked as a member of the house of representatives . (id195)
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile roemer . (id196)
albert b . white was born on september 22 , 1856 and died on july 3 , 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia . (id197)
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was the son of agnes ward white and william m . o . dawson . (id198)
the governor of west virginia , albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in 1905 . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson and his wife was agnes ward white . (id199)
the republican party ' s albert b . white was born in cleveland on the 4th of march , 1901 . he was the successor to william m . o . dawson and his active years start on the 04th of april , 1905 . (id200)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the labour party ( argentina ) ' s leader is juan peron , who is the son of eva peron and served as president . he died in buenos aires . (id201)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on the 20th of may , 1891 . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas . (id202)
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz . (id203)
alfred gorbach was born in imst , tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz . (id204)
vermont ' s largest city is burlington and the state is the location of the 3rd congressional district . it is also the home of the politician , alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois on march 3rd , 1857 . (id205)
albany , vermont is the largest city in vermont , where the 3rd congressional district is located . the state is the birthplace of the politician , alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois . (id206)
the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war , which was commanded by jefferson davis . it was fought in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans . (id207)
the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis and one of the battles was the siege of petersburg . alfred moore scales was from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . (id208)
juan peron is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) and is the spouse of eva peron . the language spoken in argentina is spanish and the country is lead by president alberto teisaire . (id209)
