abilene regional airport serves the city in texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 1st runway number is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
denmark is inhabited by danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force bombed libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler .
320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain were the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds are in the architectural style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is a leader in buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
the demonym for people in india is indian .
julia morgan designed the significant los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
garth nix is the author of above the veil .
above the veil is available in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction is the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of math .
castle is written in the english language .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by weymouth sands .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the town of giubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league greece season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago is attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st vincent - st mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot for apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone found in california .
elliot see died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
benjamin urich is the full name of ben urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is also known as the black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has the area code 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the title of the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , is mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is 324 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is at an elevation of 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is the language spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region .
chicken belongs to the class of bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio , united states .
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim , california is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is elevated 13 . 0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas has an area of 258 . 2 square kilometres and an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in albuquerque , new mexico , united states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn , alabama is located .
english is the language of the united states where akron , ohio is located .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomatoes are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains chili pepper , is from italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesian dish of batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway tow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur .
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana is one of the main ingredients in binignit which is a dish from the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres and is operated by aarus lufthavn a / s .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 610 metres above sea level and is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
located in punjab , pakistan , allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are located in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in the 2014 - 15 season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy .
a . d . isidro metapan ' s manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for irlam town fc .
afc fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in gubio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci , who plays for a s roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
acf fiorentina s . p . a . has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is tenanted by jong ajax .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti has been manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
the eissn number of aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print form .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance , written by john cowper powys , was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which published a long long way .
a loyal character dancer is in print and was written by qiu xiaolong .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson , and was followed by the book alcataz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , comes under the academic discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics is published by the johns hopkins university press which is the parent company of johns hopkins .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology was given technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by the american , peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman , broadcasted by stv , stars graeme garden .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic book character ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich and he was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
marv wolfman created the character bibbo bibbowski , whose full name is bo bibbo .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard served as a test pilot and is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
320 south boston building was designed by the architect george winkler from the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena in dublin was designed by the architectural company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in the country of ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat , india .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is a leader in the united states .
buzz aldrin is an american who graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st louis .
elliot see attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis where francis g slay is the leader .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch is a native bird . he spent 13017 minutes in space .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is available in print and has 448 pages .
1634 : the galileo affair was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is based in new york city and publishes acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
aip advances was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states and attended stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by australians .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil which is written in english .
above the veil is 248 pages long and was written by garth nix . it is available in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to actapalaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell who publish the addiction journal . the journal has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , is written in english and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a 320 page hardcover book with the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sage publications , founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and is written in english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . he is also attached to the club asd nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a . d . isidro metapan and plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis . the club has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of exfeteinoupoli .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " , they have 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield f . c . halton and runcorn fc halton .
afc fylde are managed by dave challinor who plays for colwyn bay fc and stockport county f . c .
livorno calcio s . p . a . has the full name of " livorno calcio sv " and their ground is in livorno , italy . they have 19238 members .
a . s . livorno calcio , managed by christian panucci , play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 have been champions .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played for chelsea fc and real madrid c . f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is located in greece and they play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc have been champions .
aek athens f . c . manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
amsterdam - centrum is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is located .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio , empoli f . c . and manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . d . licata 1931 . he is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago played for u . s . castrovillari calcio and is attached to the club asd nola 1925 . he has been manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti . he has been manager of a . c . cesena .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the 320 south boston building in the united states was designed by the architect george winkler and has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena at north wall quay which was completed in december 2008 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall in haputale was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall in sri lanka was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of " tudor and jacobean " .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business , located in the united states , are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including chinatown in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomaar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in the country .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat where the leader is anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the new mexico senate and has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and a utc offset of - 7 . the area code is 765 .
the california state senate is located in the california state capitol and is the leader of anaheim , california .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of antioch , california , which is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states , where the county seat is fort worth .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and atlanta is the capital .
404 is the area code for atlanta which has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of new jersey where the largest city is newark .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states . the capital of the state is olympia .
albany is part of dougherty county , georgia in the u . s . state of georgia . the capital of georgia is atlanta .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the largest city in the county is anderson .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states , where the capital is trenton .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of arlington , texas .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where attica is located in fountain county , indiana .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio .
asian americans are an ethnic group in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and albuquerque , new mexico is located .
albany , georgia is located in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where the language is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarus airport . the runway name is 10r / 28l and has a length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the 1st runway at alderney airport , which serves the city , is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
jinnah international airport is the headquarters of the pakistan civil aviation authority which operates allama iqbal international airport in pakistan .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and is located in maple ridge township , in the u . s . a .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the inhabitants are known as tejano .
the german language is spoken in belgium where antwerp international airport serves the city .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at the four world trade center and serves new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , which is lead by ahora madrid and is part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain , where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain , where the leader party is the peoples party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . to the southeast of adams county is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument ( i zmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the flowering plants and the solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . lettuce is an ingredient in a blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt and club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine and comes from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is served as a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also desserts .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato belongs to the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and belongs to the order solanales and the family of solanaceae .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which is lead by kochi and has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and the ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit and features the character baymax .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row in birmingham has 23 floors and was started in 1973 and completed in 1976 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans and coloured south africans are ethnic groups in the country .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , where the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle in illinois was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen which was designed by the architects of 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan are the filipinos .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths are located at avenue a , manhattan and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is lead by cyrus vance jr . manhattan and brooklyn are both parts of the city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new york , united states , where gale brewer is a leader .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham ( postal code b ) . the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by the labour party ( uk ) .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the leader is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the uk is the leader . the capital of the country is london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president . joe biden is a leader in the us .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in the state of pennsylvania in the united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister , artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . the leader of turkey is called the president .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia , where the language is english . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico has an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area codes are 505 and 575 .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat is atlanta .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly . the assembly is located at california state capitol and spanish is spoken in the state .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total area is 107 . 43 square kilometres and is 268 . 0 metres above sea level .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has an area of 75 . 324 square kilometres and a population of 102372 . the area code is 925 and the utc offset is - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey has an area of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code is 609 and the leader is called the mayor of atlantic city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in alabama .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn is part of pierce county in king county , washington , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the largest city is houston and the county seat is san marcos .
the chinese language is spoken in california which is lead by the california state assembly . the assembly is located in california state capitol and anaheim is part of the state .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states . the county seat is atlanta .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
english is the language spoken in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston and where arlington is located .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans . albany is located in benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albuquerque which is lead by the mayor of albuquerque .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the language is english and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where the language is english and asian americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and plays for f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio . he has been manager of ac chievo verona .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , plays for torino fc and a . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is in the a epsth 2nd group league and has 1500 members . their chairman is antonis milionis and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who played for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fyld , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde ( abbreviated to " association football club " ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane . they played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa has been manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv fc . he also plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece . they played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the owner of the ground is afc ajax n . v . and the tenant is jong ajax .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) , whose full name is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs , has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden godenzonen .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax and vitesse arnhem . he is a member of the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which was previously won by vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
abilene regional airport is located 546 metres above sea level and serves the city in texas . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . it serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 3500 meters long .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and it is 2014 metres long .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it is 2014 metres long .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken and the capital is austin .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
the antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the dutch government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgaberat , turkmenistan . their hub airport is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves atlantic city . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
charles michel is the leader of belgium where the german language is spoken . the country is the location of antwerp international airport which serves the city .
phillipe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . the country is the location of antwerp international airport which serves the city .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and one of the languages spoken is kurdish .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the kurdish language is spoken .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of commelinids . poaceae is in the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house and broadcasts bananaman . the bbc also produces bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . the book was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . it is available as an e book and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which is available in hardcover . the oclc number is 49805501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars by diane duane is available in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the abbreviated title of acta palaeontol . pol . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and association of american universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages . it is available in paperback and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain . the book originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 . it is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states and is owned by john hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the language is english . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong where chris patten is a representative . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . and was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
elliot see was an american who was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he served as a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarus . the city is governed by a magistrate .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! the country has an ethnic group called the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from lazio , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people and the malays are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . variations include the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it is popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish comes from the united states and can also be found in paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which can be found in hong kong , france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong and the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart . the pudding comes from the derbyshire dales , which is part of the county of derbyshire .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is a dish from indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia .
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . it is served as a dessert , as is a cookie .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader . it is also found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in ithaca , new york . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett and it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us and english is the language spoken there . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in the us and great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
the novel into battle was written by australians and was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by above the veil and the violet keystone .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language spoken in the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
1634 : the galileo affair was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the us and also in great britain .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the united states is known as the president and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , u . s . a . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the english language is spoken . amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area , california . it is lead by the 11th state assembly district and uses the english language .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and 344 . 9 square kilometres of land .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres above sea level .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . the state of alabama is home to auburn which is part of lee county .
auburn , washington , united states is part of pierce county and king county . it has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where the english language is spoken and the county seat is georgetown . austin is part of williamson county .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of austin which is part of hays county where the county seat is san marcos .
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken . austin is part of hays county which has san marcos as its county seat .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english .
the largest city in texas is houston and the language spoken is spanish . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of tarrant county where the county seat is fort worth .
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the largest city is fort worth . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where english is spoken and the demonym for people living there is americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native americans . the country is the location of lee county , alabama which is part of auburn , alabama .
opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama which is part of alabama in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are the native americans .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where the language is english . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and akron is part of summit county , ohio .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument ( i zmir ) is located in turkey .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the city is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane who have their ground in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian . they play in serie d , the champions of which are ss robur siena .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . their manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the language spoken is italian . the capital of the country is rome and the people are known as italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language spoken is indonesian . arem - arem is a dish from indonesia but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is also found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia , where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and white americans are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich which originates from the united kingdom . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the order rosids .
francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , which contain sponge cake , can be found in france .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is found . it is a variation of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor and shumai are found . shumai contains shiitake and is a variation of siomay .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is t s thakur . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . two of the leaders of india are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be varied by adding honey .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . it can be varied by adding honey . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia and felipe vi is the head of state . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . two of the leaders in italy are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in java and also in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . batchoy is eaten there .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain where the language is spanish .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where spaniards live .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a united states national . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew which was operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the mission . he is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator and benitoite is a gemstone .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an american fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 4100 metres long .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3992 . 88 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city . the 1st runway at the airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves the city of leinster in michigan , united states .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpenae . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the county of michigan . the airport serves the city of leinster and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the u . s . a . and serves the city of alpena . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it serves the city of atlantic city which is lead by don guardian .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders in belgium , where the capital city is brussels . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwwerp .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is one of the languages spoken there .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was started in january 2014 and has the postmodern architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader . the capital of illinois is springfield .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
the architect augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addid ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader . ampara hospital is located in the eastern province which is governed by the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan is lead by cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is birmingham city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy . the city has the b postcode .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . two of the leaders are john roberts and barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the west of adams county is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county . carrol county maryland is to the southeast and frederick county , maryland to the southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where artur rasizade is the leader .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial ( also known as turk sehitleri aniti ) is located in baku , azerbaijan . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
alan bean is an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he spent 100305 minutes in space and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was alfred worden and the commander was david scott . bean retired in june 1981 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was an american fighter pilot who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member on apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone benitoite is found . smilodon is a fossil found in california .
william anders was an american fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot on the mission and frank borman was also a member of the crew . anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta and it has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is known as the monarchy of denmark and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the germans of romania .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarus . the school was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
turkey ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu and the capital is ankara . the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the largest city is istanbul and the country is the location of the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 in the city of mendriso , switzerland . its dean is mario botta and it has 600 students and 100 academic staff . switzerland ' s leader is known as the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the national anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen and its government type is magistrate .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 16000 students and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen and its latin name is universitas aarusiensis .
american test pilot alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a crew member of apollo 12 and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and served as a test pilot . he died in california .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and has won 20 awards . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew along with buzz aldrin and frank borman . anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
