alan bean , who was born in wheeler , texas , is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey , united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin was born in massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 . he was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written in english , was preceded by 1634 : galileo affair .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery headquartered in new york city . its leader is alexander l . wolf and its headquarter is new york city .
the academic discipline of aids ( journal ) is hiv / aids and the issn number is 0269 - 9370 .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
stanford university is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson who edited aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir was written in english and followed by above the veil .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil .
garth nix is the author of above the veil which has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is published in the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons . the issn number is 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and was published in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and the oclc number 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
the administrative science quarterly was founded by sara miller mccune and published by sage publications . the issn number is 0001 - 8392 .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where washington d . c . is the capital and a severed wasp was published .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig , sv germania schoneiche and fc magdeburg .
massimo drago manages a . c . cesena and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa . they play in the lega pro / a league and have 4150 members .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and is located in efxeinoupoli .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is association football club blackpool and they have 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c . and manages afc fylde .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members and its ground is in livorno , italy .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in the serie b league which has carpi f . c . 1909 as champions .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid c . f .
aek athens fc play in the superleague greece which has olympiacos f . c . as champions . the ground is located in greece .
the manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea fc .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam - centrum and the ground of afc ajax .
amsterdam is lead by eberhard van der laan and is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
az alkmaar ' s manager is john van den brom who plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil and they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
luciano spalletti is the manager of a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c .
massimo drago plays for s . s . chieti calcio and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and plays for s . s . chieti calcio .
the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , which is lead by frank g jackson .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , part of dupage county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the 320 south boston building , designed by architect george winkler , has 22 floors .
3arena , designed by hok sve , was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3xn .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick designed adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haputale , haput
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was designed in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is the current tenant of the alan b miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan was born in california and designed chinatown , san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located at asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27 , 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on the 23rd of april 1980 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin who lives in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the conservative party .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat and is led by anandiben patel .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in bethesda , maryland . the key person at marriott international is bill marriott .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia and is inhabited by asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is inhabited by asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres and the utc offset is - 7 .
the california state senate is located in the california state capitol and is led by the california state senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is lead by the united states house of representatives .
fort worth is the county seat of arlington , tarrant county , texas , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is the largest city in new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
auburn , washington is part of the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
auburn , washington is part of washington ( state ) in the united states . the capital of washington is olympia .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia and is the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) .
anderson , indiana is the largest city in madison county , indiana in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states . washington dc is the capital of the united states .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio and is inhabited by asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is located in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , aarhus airport has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force , who fought in the invasion of grenada . mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway named 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and has a runway length of 896 . 0 and is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . german is spoken there .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey which operates atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain . the leader of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party is the leader of spain .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county , maryland lies to the southeast of adams county .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which originates from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the flowering plant family solanaceae and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from rome and italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from rome .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a dish from malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia .
lettuce is an ingredient in the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and washington d . c . is the capital .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and a variation of the bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region and is a dessert . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding originates from the derbyshire dales region and contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes are popular in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef are the main ingredients of batchoy which comes from the philippines .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and contains noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . it can also be served as a cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . it can also be served as a cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . it can also be served as a cookie .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the peso is the currency .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce comes from .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and the language is english .
tomato is a member of the solanaceae family and belongs to the order of solanales .
the awh engineering college is located in india and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania which is led by klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus , denmark .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc on 15 april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
the comic book character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
larry bolatinsky and gary cohn created the comic character bolt .
larry bolatinsky and gary cohn created the comic character bolt .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub and was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party and was born in the kingdom of sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he is now the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
olusegun obasanjo is the vice president of nigeria and is in office while vice president atiku abubakar is in the nigerian air force branch .
olusegun obasanjo is the vice president of nigeria and is in office while vice president atiku abubakar is in the nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain . he was a member of the congress of deputies and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers party .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war , commanded by george h w bush .
adam holloway was born in faversham and attended magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland and served as a polish - soviet war commander .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war , which is part of the russian civil war and the commander of which is leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a minister for health in athens .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy ( greece ) party and is in office while prime minister .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the house of representatives is located .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the socialist party is a political party .
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen . she now works as a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 through 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 and 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died on march 3 , 1941 .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio . she married albert b white , who succeeded william m . o . dawson .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albert jennings fountain was born and died .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , argentina . horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires city legislature .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach , born in austria , died in graz .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
allan shivers was appointed to the office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) and served as a member of the democratic party ( united states ) .
alvah sabin was active in vermont , where burlington is the largest city .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the united states . the whig party ( united states ) is led by henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . he is a member of the whig party ( united states ) which is led by daniel webster .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and served as a commander in the american civil war .
alfred moore scales the battle of fredericksburg , which is part of the american civil war , where jefferson davis was commander .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol , died in austria .
alfons gorbach , born in tyrol , died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria in austria where doris bures is the leader .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of salem church which was part of the american civil war .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands .
adam koc is an ethnic group from poland where the polish language is spoken .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s and weighs 5 . 6 kilograms .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd , which was discovered by spacewatch , has a period of 39447000 . 0 and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degrees celsius and a maximum temperature of 500 . 0 kelvins .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has a density of 2 . 0 gram per cubic centimetres and an average speed of 37 . 16 kilometres per second .
1000 piazzia has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " and the periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 metres per second . it has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
walter baade , a german national , was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed . he studied at the university of gottingen .
103 hera was discovered in 2011 - 08 - 27 by james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera , which has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000 . 0 km , was launched on 28 august 2011 .
the escape velocity of 103 hera is 0 . 0482 km / s and the temperature of 103 hera is 170 . 0 kelvins .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , england .
1089 tama , formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd , was in orbit 1202 . 846 days ago .
the periapsis of 1089 tama is 288749000000 . 0 and the apoapsis is 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the former name of 1097 vicia is " 1928 pc " and its periapsis is 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas , which has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 523329000 . 0 , was launched in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
10 hygiea has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and an average speed of 16 . 76 km / s .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 metres .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
110 lydia , which has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 , was created in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
110 lydia was created in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and a apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
aaron bertram is associated with kids imagine nation and suburban legends .
aaron deer is an indie rock band from indiana .
aaron deer originates from the united states and is a psychedelic .
aaron turner is associated with the black metal band twilight ( band ) and greymachine .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight ( band ) and greymachine .
aaron turner is associated with the band twilight ( band ) and has mamiffer as an associated musician .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who uses an electric guitar .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who performs in death metal .
magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 are the associated bands of abradab which was created in 1978 .
magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 are the associated bands of abradab which was created in katowice .
ace wilder is a genre of hip hop music , which originates from funk and disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay where juan afara is the leader .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) performs in the genre of rock music and has the instrument singing .
alan frazer is a rock musician who originated from the country music genre of bhangra ( music ) .
albennie jones originates from the genre of jazz which is influenced by blues and afrobeat .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . it is a genre of rhythm and blues .
k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) is the associated band of aleksandra kovac who performs in pop music .
bebi dol and kornelije kovac are the associated bands of aleksandra kovac who performs in the genre of pop music .
kristina kovac and k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) are the associated bands of aleksandra kovac who performs in the genre of rhythm and blues .
alex day is a genre of synthpop , disco and pop music .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , the leader of which is the labour party . he died in sidcup .
boris johnson is the leader of london where alfred garth jones died .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the associated band flibbertigibbet and the associated musical artist , mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the band mellow candle and the associated band flibbertigibbet .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who uses the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is jazz and her record label is static caravan records .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and performs in the genre of pop music .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama and is a solo singer .
andrew white ( alternative rock ) is a musician from new wave music . nu metal is one of the genres of alternative rock .
anders osborne is associated with both billy iuso and tab benoit and with kirk joseph .
anders osborne ' s record label is rabadash records and he is a rock musician . bhangra ( music ) is a genre of rock music .
andra ( singer ) is associated with puya ( singer ) and crbl .
andreea balan and marius moga are associated bands with andra ( singer ) who performs in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is from the genre of rhythm and blues and was a solo singer before joining the disco scene .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
jonathan mendelsohn and bobina are the associated bands of andrew rayel whose genre is trance music .
andrew rayel is a member of the associated band jwaydan moyine and the associated musician is christian burns .
marry banilow and kaiser chiefs are the associated bands of andrew white who performs under the alias of andrew white . he has also recorded under the label universal records .
aaron bertram is associated with the genre of ska punk and is a member of suburban legends .
albennie jones , born in errata , mississippi , is an african american .
1955 dodge has the v8 engine and the 3 - speed automatic transmission .
a rosa luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a ship order of 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a - rosa luna has a displacement of 1850 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 . it is 125800 . 0 metres long .
aida cruises is located in germany and operated by aida cruises . aida cruises is the operator of aida astella which is owned by costa cruiere .
aid astella was christened on the 16th of march 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 metres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york and is the builder of alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
alv x - 1 originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and where alv x - 1 originates .
alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and can launch 2 rockets .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was produced in 1958 and has the body style of a coupe and the engine of a straight - four engine .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a wheelbase of 2160 . 0 metres and a width of 1 . 55 metres .
the builder of aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is arctech helsinki shipyard and the ship is 21 . 2 meters long .
alfa romeo 164 is a food found in italy where the capital is rome and the fiat croma is one of the transportation methods .
alfa romeo 164 is a food found in italy where the capital is rome and the assembly is the lancia thema .
fiat croma and lancia thema are the related transportation modes of alfa romeo 164 which was assembled in arese .
fiat croma and saab 9000 are the related means of transportation for alfa romeo 164 which was assembled in milan .
the ship alhambra was launched on may 31 , 1955 and has a length of 63800 . 0 metres .
the ship alhambra , which was launched on may 31st , 1955 , has a beam of 8 . 3 m and a launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and is the manufacturer of alvis speed 25 which has a petrol engine .
roy d chapin jr is the key person of amc matador which was manufactured by american motors .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which is comparable to delta ii which originates from the united states .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 was manufactured by arianespace and launched from guiana space centre .
aston martin v8 is powered by a 5 . 3 litre v8 and is assembled in newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom .
aston martin v8 is powered by a 5 . 3 litre v8 and has an assembly in the uk .
atlas ii was launched at vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
atlas ii originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
atlas ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station and is located at spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a hatchback body style , was assembled by audi brussels .
the audi a1 is manufactured by audi and has the seat ibiza and volkswagen polo related transport .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
caterpillar inc . is the owner of aida cruises and aidaluna which is powered by caterpillar inc .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which is located in genoa and is owned by costa cruises .
delta ii was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and is comparable to delta ii which was launched from the united states .
guiana space centre is the location of the ela - 3 launch site and the headquarter of french guiana .
guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana and ariane 5 was launched there .
a rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany .
atlas ii originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg , goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen .
aaron hunt played for vfl wolfsburg and played for sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol , hull city afc and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol , u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and w connection f . c . .
akeem ayers , who played for los angeles rams , was drafted by the los angeles rams in round 2 .
akeem ayers played for st . louis rams and was drafted by the st . louis rams in round 2 .
akeem dent was born on september 27 , 1987 in atlanta , georgia .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor and alaa abdul zahra plays for shabab al ordon club .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1st 1989 and played for clyde fc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for accrington stanley fc who play at accrington .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 in tampere , finland . he played for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 in tampere , finland . he was drafted by the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia . vladimir putin is the leader of russia .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he played for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of february 1989 and plays for the russian national football team .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and plays for azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais and plays for us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and plays for the italy national under - 16 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for ac milan and has been at u . c . sampdoria . the manager of ac milan is sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli plays for the a . s . roma and is part of the italy national under 16 football team . daniele zoratto is the coach of the team .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante was born in brandon manitoba and plays for anyang halla .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus played for maccabi ashdod b . c . which has zvi sherf as its coach .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c . which has alex tyus as one of its players .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and plays for fc tom tomsk .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and is part of the youth club fc anzhi makhachkala .
aleksandr chumakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team and has been manager of hull city afc .
aleksandr chumakov , born in moscow , died in russia . he was the leader of russia .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and abner ( footballer ) plays for real madrid castilla .
st . louis is part of greater st . louis and is led by francis g . slay .
akeem ayers played for the new england patriots and the tennessee titans before joining the tennessee titans .
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and plays for united petrotrin fc .
