103 colmore row , completed in 1973 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the capital is cape town and the ethnic groups are coloured and asian south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . cleveland is governed by the cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , completed in 2009 , has 60 floors and is located in illinois .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster and is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster and is governed by the county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture , japan . filipinos are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b . miller hall , which was completed on 1 june 2009 and is located at 101 ukrop way in williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india which is led by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california . it was constructed in 1913 and has the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , located at avenue a ( manhattan ) , was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , brooklyn and manhattan . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of new york city .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is lead by gale brewer .
103 colmore row was designed by architect john madin who was born in birmingham and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , the postcode of which is b .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where 20 fenchurch street is located . the capital city is london .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is spoken and joe biden is the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the state of pennsylvania and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the capital city is baku . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan and is also known as turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the bronze ataturk monument is located in izmir .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir , turkey .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is inhabited by native americans . english is the language spoken in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , which has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre , has the area code 505 and 575 .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of alpharetta .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . austin is the capital of texas .
anaheim , california is part of california and is led by the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . spanish is spoken in california .
anderson , indiana is located in adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california , which has a population of 102372 , has a utc offset of - 7 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre , is led by mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in alabama , united states . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , which is part of king county , washington in the united states .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of king county is washington d . c .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas in texas , which has san marcos as its largest city .
the california state assembly is located at the california state capitol and is led by the california state assembly which is located in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
the largest city in texas is houston and english is spoken there .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states where washington dc is the capital and the largest city is new york city .
barack obama is the president of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate which is led by john sanchez and includes asian americans .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where barack obama is the mayor and native americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . english is spoken in the united states and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
jens hartel played for sv babelsberg 03 , fsv zwickau and 1 . fc magdeburg .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and plays in the aepsth 2nd group league .
stuart parker , who plays for stockport county f . c . , is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool whose ground is in blackpool , which is led by the conservative party .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c . and gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is association football club fylde and they play at warton , fylde , lancashire . they have 3180 members .
afc fylde played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members . their home ground is bryning lane and their full name is association football club fylde .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) play at the sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
az alkmaar ' s manager is john van den brom who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is located in alagoas and has vila nova futebol clube as champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in arapiraca , brazil . the ground is located at the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and sergio mattarella is the capital .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr and plays for fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 and a runway name of 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and the runway length is 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier is " agr " and the icao location identifier is " viag " .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and the length is 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force , which fought in the invasion of grenada and is involved in the lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' . it is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway named 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' . it is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin and the demonym is tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . austin is the capital of texas and english is spoken there .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is located 12 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is owned by the flemish region .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan . ashgabat international airport is the hub airport of turkmenistan airlines .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . atlantic city is led by don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority which is led by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the language spoken in belgium is german and charles michel is the leader .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is located in belgium . the french language is spoken in belgium .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the leader of punjab is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which belongs to the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is the key person at the bbc which is based in broadcasting house and broadcasts bananaman .
bananaman first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 and was created by steve bright and jill shilling .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in the film big hero 6 .
the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn ( comics ) and ernie colon who is a puerto rican .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california and was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , has 512 pages and an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer and whose leader is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english which is spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and an isbn number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica , abbreviated to acta math . hungar , has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is spoken in great britain . the book comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 in the united states . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . one of the ethnic groups in the country is asian americans .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the apollo 8 crew . frank borman was also a member of the apollo 8 crew .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . and was a crew member of apollo 11 . he was awarded 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) by the department of commerce gold medal which is higher than the department of commerce medal .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 8 .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai , india . it was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is located in mumbai . tennis is a sport of the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , part of alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of the country .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
kochi is the leader of kerala where the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor . its academic staff is 250 .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the capital city is bucharest and the ethnic group is called germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital city is bucharest and the leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce originates from the lazio region of italy and contains tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain and contains white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of arros negre which comes from the catalonia region of spain .
arros negre is a dish from the region of catalonia in spain . the leader of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the batak and malaysian malay are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the malays are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c .
ketchup is an ingredient in bacon sandwiches and blt is a variation of the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon , with a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , or bacon barm .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska comes from the united states and is popular in paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska comes from hong kong , france , united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
baked alaska comes from the united states and is made with meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . fruit preserves are an ingredient of bakewell pudding .
bakso is a dish found nationwide in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which comes from indonesia .
kidney beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon are main ingredients of bandeja paisa .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where french is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the leader .
batagor is a variation of siomay , shumai and shiitake .
batchoy is a dish from la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef are main ingredients .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . bhajji includes vegetables and is also known as bajji .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato which belong to the flowering plant order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines and contains coconut milk and sago .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico . it contains granola .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is a leader . bionico can also be served as a dessert .
bakso is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and tapioca is an ingredient .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader and baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where the ilocano and zamboangans are ethnic groups and the language is philippine spanish .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the zamboangans are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language is philippine english .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a variation of binignit which is a dessert from the philippines .
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who play in the 3 liga league . aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol and plays for hull city a . f . c . he also plays for penarol .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol , penarol and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez is part of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club and plays for the u . s . citta di palermo in serie a .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island on the 12th of october 1986 . he weighed 94 . 8024 kg and was born in 1986 .
adam mcquaid was drafted by the columbus blue jackets , who play in columbus , ohio . he played for the boston bruins , who have don sweeney as their general manager .
akeem ayers , who played for st . louis rams and tennessee titans , was born on july 10 , 1989 in st . louis .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he played for the houston texans and was a member of the atlanta falcons .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 in atlanta , georgia . he played for the atlanta falcons and the houston texans .
al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor and they play at al zawra ' a sc and al kharaitiyat sc ' s manager is amar osim .
al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor and their manager is amar osim . they play in the iraq national under 23 football team .
al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor and their manager is amar osim . alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and plays for shabab al ordon club .
alan martin , born on january 1st 1989 , played for crewe alexandra f . c . and hamilton academical fc .
alan martin , born on january 1st 1989 , played for crewe alexandra fc and played for scotland national under - 21 football team .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on the 24th of february 1989 in kuban krasnodar . he played for fc dynamo moscow and has 185 cm tall .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc spartak moscow . he is 185cm tall and plays for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc zestafoni . he is 178 cm tall and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
alex plante was born on may 9th , 1989 in canada . he played for anyang halla and was a member of the canadian national team .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 and plays for anyang halla .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the anthem is o canada and the leader is elizabeth ii .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader and asian canadians are an ethnic group .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where elizabeth ii is the leader and the language is slavey .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny and aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny .
aleksandr chumakov and valery petrakov are the directors of fc torpedo moscow , who played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league . the club has been managed by valery petrakov and aleksandr tukmanov .
akeem dent , who played for the atlanta falcons and the houston texans , is a former member of the houston texans .
abel hernandez , who plays for hull city a . f . c . and plays for penarol , is part of the uruguayan primera division . he also plays for hull city afc .
the orbital period of the ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 8788850000 . 0 and the periapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and the apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 was launched in 2013 - 11 - 04 with an orbital period of 360 . 29 days and an escape velocity of 0 . 0999 metres per second .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 was launched on november 4th , 2013 and has a mean temperature of 265 . 0 ( kelvins ) and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
1000 piazzia was launched on july 27th , 2015 and has a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 488160 . 0 .
sergey belyavsky is the discoverer of 1001 gaussia which was discovered on july 27th , 2015 . it was formerly known as " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
walter baade was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen with allan sandage as a doctoral student . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . he went on to become a doctoral student at the university of gottingen .
walter baade was a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and died in west germany . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who was born in canada . he died in madison , wisconsin .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd . it was in orbit for 1202 . 846 days and its periapsis was 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama , which has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km / s , was launched on november 26 , 2005 .
1097 vicia , which has a mass of 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) and an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 , was launched in 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas was launched in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and its orbital period is 183309000 . 0 .
1101 clematis , formerly known as 1928 sj , has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the 1955 dodge , manufactured by dodge , has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
desoto custom is the successor to desoto firedome which was manufactured by desoto ( automobile ) and is related to chrysler newport .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is operated by aida cruises . the operator is aida cruises and the builder is meyer werft .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which has a length of 253260 . 0 metres . it was built by meyer werft and owned by costa cruises .
the american locomotive company was the builder of alco rs - 3 which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . it has a diesel - electric transmission .
the american locomotive company was the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and an engine of v12 . it was built in may 1950 - august 1956 .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york and is the builder of alco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
montreal locomotive works was the builder of the alco rs - 3 which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . it has a diesel - electric transmission .
the builder of alco rs - 3 was montreal locomotive works and it was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine is a four - stroke engine .
amc matador is made in mexico city and has the amc v8 engine . it is also known as the american motors matador .
amc matador is classed as a mid - size car and has an amc straight - 6 engine . it was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
marysville , ohio is the location of the assembly of the acura tlx which has a front - wheel drive layout and an all - wheel drive engine .
marysville auto plant is the assembly location for the acura tlx which has a v6 engine and a front - engine design .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built by arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . it has a 21 . 2 metre beam and is in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built by finland where the leader is juha sipila and the demonym is finns .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is in service and was built by arctech helsinki shipyard and built with 21 . 2 beam .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to the saab 9000 and the lancia thema , is assembly made in italy . the engine of alfa romeo 164 is the straight - four engine .
fiat croma and saab 9000 are the engines of alfa romeo 164 which is a related product of italy .
alhambra , which was launched on may 31 , 1955 , has a length of 63800 . 0 metres and a beam of 8 . 3 m .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and is the successor to the rover company . alvis speed 25 is powered by petrol .
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry and is the successor to the rover company . alvis speed 25 is powered by the straight - six engine .
amc matador was produced by american motors which was founded by roy d chapin , jr . and is now owned by chrysler .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built in 1969 by general dynamics electric boat and launched on 25 january 1969 . it has a beam of 3 . 8 m and a launch speed of 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 was launched on january 25th 1969 and has a length of 45000 . 0 metres and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on the 28th of april , 2014 . the rocket was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on april 21st , 2013 . the rocket was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
aston martin v8 is a successor to the aston martin v8 which was manufactured in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london .
aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is related to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin v8 is powered by the 5 . 3 litre aston martin v8 which is based on the aston martin v8 which was manufactured by aston martin .
atlas ii is 3 . 04 m in diameter and was launched from vandenberg air force base on 12 / 05 / 2002 . it was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 litre engine and a front - engine layout , is classed as a supermini and is assembled in audi brussels .
audi , founded by august horch and ducati , is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is owned by aida cruises . it is powered by caterpillar inc .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and operated by costa cruises .
delta ii was launched from cape canaveral air force station in the united states and is comparable to delta ii which was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
delta ii was launched at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 , cape caveral air force station , united states . delta ii is comparable to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 , cape caveral air force station .
fiat romeo 164 is a sedan ( automobile ) variant of alfa romeo 164 which was assembled in italy . the fiat croma is related to fiat croma .
fiat croma is related to opel vectra and fiat romeo 164 which is a sedan ( automobile ) and assembly of milan .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of american submarine nr - 1 which was built by general dynamics electric boat in groton , connecticut .
a rosa luna was built by neptun werft in rostock , germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the language is english . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
atlas ii originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron bertram is associated with the band kids imagine nation . he is a member of the band suburban legends who also have brian robertson as a drummer .
aaron deer was born in indianapolis , indiana . he is a solo singer .
isis ( band ) and sumac ( band ) are the associated bands of aaron turner who performs electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , who is associated with the band twilight ( band ) , has been active since 1995 . he is also associated with old man gloom .
sumac is a band associated with aaron turner who performs in the genre of black metal . he also has an instrument called an electric guitar .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
ace wilder , who was born in stockholm in 1982 , is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 and has been a solo singer .
ahmet ertegun was created in washington , d . c . and was originally performed by non - performing personnel .
ahmet ertegun originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . the genre of rock and roll originates from the united states .
albennie jones is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues , which originated from the blues genre . it was popular in the 1950s and 1960s .
albennie jones originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . albennie jones is a jazz song .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade in 1972 . she has performed in the genre of pop music and has a background as a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she has performed in the genre of rhythm and blues .
chameleon circuit ( band ) and charlie mcdonnell are the associated bands of alex day who has been active since 2006 .
chameleon circuit ( band ) is the associated band of alex day who has been active since 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 . he died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay where daniel martinez is a politician .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and performs as a solo singer . he has recorded for rca records .
alison o ' donnell , who is associated with the band bajik , has been active since 1963 and has performed in folk music .
alison o ' donnell , who is associated with mellow candle and head south by weaving , has been active since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer who has recorded for deram records and floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer and record label deram records is located in london .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) is associated with the band marry banilow and the genre of alternative rock . he is also associated with the genre of punk rock .
anders osborne is associated with billy iuso , tab benoit and galactic .
anders osborne is the record label for shanachie records which is in chicago .
andra ( born in romania ) is a singer who performs in the genre of dance pop . she was a solo singer before joining singing .
andra ( singer ) is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues which is derived from blues and disco .
andrew rayel , who is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn , has been active since 2009 .
andrew rayel is a member of the associated band jwaydan moyine and the associated musical artist is christian burns .
marry banilow is the associated band for andrew white who was a musician in the genre of alternative rock . he started his career in 2003 and has been active since 2003 .
marry banilow and kaiser chiefs are the associated bands of andrew white , who was a musician in the band kaiser chiefs . he started performing in 2003 .
agustin barboza died in paraguay where juan afara is the leader .
the band al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the band the wildweeds . the band ' s genre is country music .
hip hop music originates from the disco genre and is influenced by funk and drum and bass .
alfred garth jones was born in england and is a labour party member . manchester is part of greater manchester .
aaron turner is associated with the band house of low culture and the band twilight . he also performs in the genre of post - metal .
aaron turner is a member of the black metal band twilight which is associated with death metal . his instrument is an electric guitar .
albennie jones originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is a genre of blues .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded purple heart and died in west roxbury .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of the wilderness . he was awarded purple heart and died in west roxbury .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and works for the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . he is affiliated with the association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and resides in kuching . he was born in miri malaysia .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of adenan satem who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu are the party of abdul taib mahmud who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and now lives in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar is in office while vice president mike akhigbe is the successor of oladipo diya and atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar is in office while vice president mike akhigbe is the successor of oladipo diya and al - amin daggash . the nigerian air force is the branch of the nigerian air force .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) . juan carlos i of spain was the predecessor to francisco franco and is now the prime minister of spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he was a member of the spanish socialist workers party and worked as a minister of transport .
casey ribicoff and abraham a . ribicoff were born in new britain , connecticut . they are american citizens .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 . he fought in the gulf war .
adam koc was born in poland where the polish language is spoken and the polish - soviet war was fought .
adam koc , who fought in the polish - soviet war , died in new york city . he served as a commander in the russian civil war .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was appointed vice - president of new democracy and succeeded makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was employed by the ministry of economy , development and tourism ( greece ) and succeeded makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and served as a member of the hellenic parliament . he succeeded makis voridis .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by emile roemer . the country ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte and the socialist party is one of the political parties . her office is the house of representatives ( netherlands ) .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte and is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant is a dutch national who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) . emile roemer is the leader of the party .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he fought in the battle of france in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london on march 4th , 1974 . he was active for 1974 - 03 - 04 and 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave was a unit of the royal artillery which was commanded by chiang kai - shek and fought in world war ii .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson is the successor to albert b white who was born in cleveland on the 3rd of march 1905 . albert b white was active from 1901 - 03 - 04 to 1905 - 03 - 04 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken and the american civil war was fought .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico . he was a member of the american civil war which was led by jefferson davis .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where horacio rodriguez larreta and juan peron are leaders .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he served as a provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was appointed governor of north carolina by the democratic party in the united states .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army who fought in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was appointed to the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district by albert e austin .
alfred n phillips was born in darien , connecticut and served as mayor of stamford , connecticut . he is now the successor to albert e austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served as governor of texas . he is now the successor to price daniel .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served as governor of texas . he is now the successor of wilfred r . cousins jr .
alvah sabin is located in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and serves as the secretary of state of vermont . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party ( united states ) which is led by daniel webster . burlington is the largest city in vermont .
battle of gettysburg is part of the american civil war which was commanded by robert e . lee . it was won by aaron s daggett who won the purple heart .
alberto teisaire is an argentine national who served as a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . he was in office while president juan peron .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza argentina and served as a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . he succeeded juan peron as president .
