pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id1)
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper . (id2)
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre . (id3)
arros negre is from the catalonia region . (id4)
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in a blt . (id7)
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong . (id8)
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g . (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia . (id17)
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese . (id20)
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region . (id21)
chicken belongs to the class of bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id24)
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java . (id27)
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id29)
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york . (id30)
shumai is a dish from china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . (id32)
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom . (id34)
tomatoes are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader . (id38)
arrabbiata sauce , which contains chili pepper , is from italy . (id39)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain . (id40)
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia . (id42)
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . (id43)
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage . (id44)
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id45)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id49)
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia . (id51)
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine . (id53)
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesian dish of batagor . (id55)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay . (id56)
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore . (id57)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader . (id58)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway tow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id59)
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians . (id60)
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur . (id61)
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
banana is one of the main ingredients in binignit which is a dish from the philippines . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . (id64)
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader . (id65)
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region . (id66)
bionico is a dessert , as is cake . (id67)
bakso is a food found in indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . (id68)
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy . (id70)
arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the flowering plants and the solanaceae family . (id72)
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy . (id73)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from rome , italy . (id74)
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria . (id76)
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia . (id77)
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . lettuce is an ingredient in a blt . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . (id80)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt and club sandwich . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york . (id82)
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states . (id84)
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia . (id88)
avocado is an ingredient in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region . (id89)
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine and comes from the paisa region . (id90)
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders . (id91)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id92)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie . (id98)
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is served as a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie . (id99)
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also desserts . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato belongs to the order solanales . (id101)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico . (id102)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id104)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso . (id105)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id106)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id107)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and belongs to the order solanales and the family of solanaceae . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is from lazio , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id110)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id111)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group . (id113)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people and the malays are ethnic groups from sumatra . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . (id116)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there . (id117)
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . variations include the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich . (id118)
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it is popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert . (id120)
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish comes from the united states and can also be found in paris , new york or hong kong . (id121)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which can be found in hong kong , france , united states or china . (id122)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong and the united states . (id123)
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart . the pudding comes from the derbyshire dales , which is part of the county of derbyshire . (id124)
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is a dish from indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries . (id125)
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . (id126)
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id127)
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id128)
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande . (id129)
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake . (id130)
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id131)
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef . (id132)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . (id133)
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id134)
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id135)
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables . (id136)
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
binignit contains sago and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . (id139)
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . (id140)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id141)
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . it is served as a dessert , as is a cookie . (id142)
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader . it is also found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group . (id144)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano and zamboangans are ethnic groups . (id145)
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups . (id146)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . a cookie is also a dessert . (id147)
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert . (id148)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language spoken is indonesian . arem - arem is a dish from indonesia but is more specific to java . (id149)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there . (id150)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there . (id151)
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is also found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups . (id152)
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia , where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups . (id153)
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage . (id154)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and white americans are an ethnic group . (id155)
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich which originates from the united kingdom . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . (id156)
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where french is spoken . (id157)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the order rosids . (id158)
francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , which contain sponge cake , can be found in france . (id159)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is found . it is a variation of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai . (id160)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake . (id161)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor and shumai are found . shumai contains shiitake and is a variation of siomay . (id162)
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is t s thakur . the people of india are called indians . (id164)
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . two of the leaders of india are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian . (id165)
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id166)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be varied by adding honey . (id167)
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . it can be varied by adding honey . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . (id168)
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia and felipe vi is the head of state . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain . (id169)
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . two of the leaders in italy are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . (id170)
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini . (id171)
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy . (id172)
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in java and also in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java . (id173)
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan . (id174)
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . batchoy is eaten there . (id175)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain where the language is spanish . (id176)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where spaniards live . (id177)
