the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas , united states .
anaheim , california is part of california and is led by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
antioch , california has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia and is located in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
amarillo , texas is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn is located .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where english is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
fish cooked in sour and hot sauce is one of the main ingredients of asam pedas .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
the alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
a variation of the blt is the bacon sandwich which includes bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish .
barny cakes are popular in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and contains palm sugar .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the demonym is indian people .
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t s thakur .
binignit comes from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the main ingredients of binignit are banana and it comes from the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is from .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 610 metres above sea level in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which belongs to the monocotyledon class .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 3800 metres .
amsterdam airport schiphol is elevated 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a runway length of 597 . 0 and has the 3rd runway surface type poaceae .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is located in verona , italy and has 39371 members .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran who was born in italy .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 season in greece .
afc blackpool ' s manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in lancashire and they have 3180 members .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
christian panucci manages a . s . livorno calcio and plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and its full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens fc has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece .
aek athens fc play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and competed in the 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio , umbria .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where a . s . gubbio 1910 play .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
the abbreviation for aip advances is aip adv . and the eissn number is 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media , founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the genre of fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , is in the academic discipline of mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press which is owned by johns hopkins university .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala where awh engineering college is located .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
bananaman starred graeme garden and was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie .
the character bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski and he was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and retired .
alan shepard , who was a test pilot , died .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s .
108 st . georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago .
the 320 south boston building was designed by architect george winkler who is from the united states .
the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
the architect of 3arena is populous .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and was designed by tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was designed in the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art has a floor count of 3 and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
dublin is part of the republic of ireland and is the location of the 3arena .
aaron s daggett was awarded purple heart and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s daggett competed in the battle of gettysburg and won the purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub who has deputy stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and belongs to the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute , kaduna .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the office of abdulsalami abubakar who was born in niger .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is al - amin daggash and abdulsalami abubakar is the successor to him .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while vice president mike akhigbe was in office .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army who fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and attended magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ' s home is gravesend and he was born in kent .
adam koc competed in the world war i and was awarded the virtuti militar .
the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally is adonis georgiadis who was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
the deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally is adonis georgiadis who was born in greece .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
airey neave was awarded a military cross by the royal artillery .
airey neave was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 and fought in the battle of france .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle commanded .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin roosevelt was commander .
airey neave fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
albert b white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
albert b white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis is vice president of albert jennings fountain which is in the new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and belongs to the republican party of the united states .
alberto teisaire , who was appointed provisional president of the argentine senate , was replaced by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria , hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( austria ) .
alfred moore scales was appointed governor of north carolina by james w . reid . he was replaced by james w . reid .
alfred moore scales was replaced by daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n phillips was born in connecticut and worked for the united states house of representatives .
alfred n phillips served as a member of the united states army who fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers was appointed to the office of member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) by ben ramsey .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 and served as secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant is a food found in the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for the wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , who are managed by jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and plays for penarol .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadim assad plays for steel azin fc and al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc who are managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for t & tec sports club and plays for trinidad and tobago national football team .
akeem ayers was drafted by the new england patriots in 2009 .
akeem ayers was drafted by tennessee titans in 2009 .
akeem dent was born in 1987 - 09 - 27 .
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc .
al - khor sports club ' s ground is al khor and they play at al khor .
al kharaitiyat sc are managed by amar osim and alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 in florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow who are managed by valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus was born in 1988 - 01 - 08 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv b . c . and plays for the turkish basketball super league .
conservative party of canada leader alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
levan khomeriki is the manager of fc dinamo batumi and aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and plays at the otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops and plays for veikkausliiga .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and plays at palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is a genre of psychedelia .
aaron deer originates from the united states .
aaron turner is a member of the electroacoustic music genre .
aaron turner is a musician who performs in the genre of avant - garde metal .
abradab is associated with magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
ace wilder is a genre of hip hop music , which originates from disco .
ace wilder was a solo singer and was recorded by warner music group .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and recorded by philips records .
alan frazer is a rock musician who performs bhangra music .
alan frazer is a rock musician who originated from country music .
albennie jones is a genre of jazz which originates from the blues .
aleksandra kovac is from the genre of pop music and was a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is a blues singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1990 and has been active since 1990 .
alex day is a genre of synthpop which originated from new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s background is as a solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s background is as a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with the band plastik mak and the associated musician is bajik .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who plays the instrument bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
allen forrest was a solo singer .
andrew white is a christian alternative rock musician .
anders osborne is associated with the associated band phil lesh and friends .
anders osborne ' s record label is rabadash records .
anders osborne ' s record label is shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) has been active since 2000 .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burns .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and mark sixma .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
andrew white is a musician who performs in the genre of alternative rock .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) performs in the genre of country music .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label polydor records .
( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 km / s and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 metres .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 kelvins and is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) long .
( 410777 ) 2009 fd has 88234300000 . 0 periapsis and was discovered by spacewatch .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 0 . 0999 km / s .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 was launched on the 14th of july 2004 and has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
101 helena was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
1036 ganymed has an average speed of 16 . 86 km / s and an apoapsis of 611961000 . 0 km / s .
walter baade was born in the german empire and discovered 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was a german national who discovered 1036 ganymed .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who died from peritonitis .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson who is from canada .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the periapsis of 1097 vicia is 279142000000 . 0 .
the apoapsis of 109 felicitas is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and the temperature is 170 . 0 ( kelvins ) .
109 felicitas is in 2006 - 12 - 31 and its periapsis is 283326000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and an epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
the apoapsis of 10 hygiea is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the former name of 10 hygiea is a900 ga .
110 lydia was created in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has a mass of 6 . 7 kilograms .
110 lydia was launched in 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
a rosa luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 . 0 metres .
a rosa luna is 125800 . 0 ( millimetres ) long and was ordered on the 22nd of january 2004 .
aida cruises operates aida cruises which is located in germany .
aida cruises is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna has a top speed of 40 . 744 and a length of 252000 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
the christening date of aid astella is 2013 - 03 - 16 and its length is 253260 . 0 ( millimetres ) .
montreal locomotive works is the builder of alco rs - 3 which has a diesel - electric transmission .
alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and has 2 stages .
amc matador was produced in kenosha , wisconsin in 1974 .
amc matador was designed by richard a teague who was employed by chrysler .
the length of ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is 192000 . 0 millimetres .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 is in milan and it is related to the saab 9000 .
fiat croma is an assembly of alfa romeo 164 which is related to the fiat croma .
the assembly of alfa romeo 164 in italy is lancia thema .
the alvis speed 25 is manufactured by alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
alvis speed 25 has a transmission of single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle and a 4387 . 0 ( cubic centimetres ) engine .
alvis speed 25 has the transmission of a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle . the engine is a straight - six engine .
amc matador is manufactured by american motors .
antares ( rocket ) was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport on january 9th , 2014 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is from .
ariane 5 was designed by airbus defence and space and launched from ela - 3 .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of airbus group and is the manufacturer of ariane 5 .
aston martin v8 is a related product to the aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8 which was replaced by aston martin virage .
aston martin v8 is related to the aston martin virage and is the successor to the aston martin v8 .
aston martin v8 is the successor to aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin .
atlas ii ' s final flight was on the 16th of march 1998 .
atlas ii was designed by lockheed martin and launched from cape canaveral air force station .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron .
audi a1 is made by audi and is owned by ducati .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi , which is the subsidiary of quattro gmbh .
douglas oberhelman is the key person of aidaluna which is powered by caterpillar inc .
delta ii is the launch site of the antares rocket which is comparable to delta ii .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in finland where the leader is juha sipila .
general dynamics electric boat is the parent company of american submarine nr - 1 .
the owner of mtu friedrichshafen is rolls royce holdings . a rosa luna is a power type of mtu friedrichshafen .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where aston martin v8 is made .
