pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce is chili pepper .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region .
chicken belongs to the class of bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a dish from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
tomatoes are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce , which contains chili pepper , is from italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia and the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a food found in malaysia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery belongs to the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in the indonesian dish of batagor .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway tow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t s thakur .
binignit comes from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana is one of the main ingredients in binignit which is a dish from the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where joko widodo is the leader .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio , italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which belongs to the flowering plants and the solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and malaysia . the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich . lettuce is an ingredient in a blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt and club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is a dessert . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales . the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in the colombian dish bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine and comes from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is served as a dessert . another type of dessert is a cookie .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert . cookies are also desserts .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato belongs to the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . it contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce and belongs to the order solanales and the family of solanaceae .
amatriciana sauce is from lazio , italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are an ethnic group .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra , malaysia . the minangkabau people and the malays are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . variations include the blt which is a variation of the club sandwich .
the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . it is popular in the uk and can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert found in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) . the dish comes from the united states and can also be found in paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which can be found in hong kong , france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong and the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell pudding which is a variation of bakewell tart . the pudding comes from the derbyshire dales , which is part of the county of derbyshire .
ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is a dish from indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish found in indonesia . it is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is found nationwide in singapore and indonesia .
standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit contains sago and sweet potato which belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico , where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . it is served as a dessert , as is a cookie .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is the leader . tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore where tony tan is a leader . it is also found in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the llocano and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language spoken is indonesian . arem - arem is a dish from indonesia but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is also found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia , where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and white americans are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich which originates from the united kingdom . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the order rosids .
francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , which contain sponge cake , can be found in france .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is found . it is a variation of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor and shumai are found . shumai contains shiitake and is a variation of siomay .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is t s thakur . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . two of the leaders of india are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be varied by adding honey .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . it can be varied by adding honey . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia and felipe vi is the head of state . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . two of the leaders in italy are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in java and also in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . batchoy is eaten there .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain where the language is spanish .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where spaniards live .
