1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in ithaca , new york . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett and it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us and english is the language spoken there . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in the us and great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
the novel into battle was written by australians and was preceded by aenir and castle . it was followed by above the veil and the violet keystone .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the language spoken in the us is english which is also spoken in great britain .
1634 : the galileo affair was preceded by 1634 the ram rebellion which comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the us and also in great britain .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the united states is known as the president and one of the ethnic groups are the asian americans .
alpharetta is part of fulton county in georgia , u . s . a . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the english language is spoken . amarillo is part of potter county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch is part of contra costa county in the san francisco bay area , california . it is lead by the 11th state assembly district and uses the english language .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and 344 . 9 square kilometres of land .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres above sea level .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the african americans . the state of alabama is home to auburn which is part of lee county .
auburn , washington , united states is part of pierce county and king county . it has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres and a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre .
round rock is the largest city in williamson county , texas , where the english language is spoken and the county seat is georgetown . austin is part of williamson county .
houston is the largest city in texas where english is spoken . the state is the location of austin which is part of hays county where the county seat is san marcos .
houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken . austin is part of hays county which has san marcos as its county seat .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is english .
the largest city in texas is houston and the language spoken is spanish . the state is the location of the city of arlington which is part of tarrant county where the county seat is fort worth .
austin is the capital of texas , united states , where the largest city is fort worth . arlington is part of tarrant county , texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and the native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where english is spoken and the demonym for people living there is americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native americans . the country is the location of lee county , alabama which is part of auburn , alabama .
opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama which is part of alabama in the united states . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are the native americans .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states , where the largest city is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where the language is english . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana , united states . the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups there are the asian americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the leader is barack obama . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and akron is part of summit county , ohio .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president and the inhabitants are known as americans . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . to the north of adams county is cumberland county and to the southeast is carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument ( i zmir ) is located in turkey .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is the monarch , lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the city is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac lumezzane who have their ground in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
afc blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool , which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) . their manager is stuart parker ( footballer ) who played for chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is the leader and the language spoken is italian . they play in serie d , the champions of which are ss robur siena .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . their manager is gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and the language spoken is italian . the capital of the country is rome and the people are known as italians .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language spoken is indonesian . arem - arem is a dish from indonesia but is more specific to java .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and the malay peninsula , malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra . it is also found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the malaysian malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia , where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where paul ryan is a leader and the capital city is washington d . c . english is the language spoken and white americans are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of the bacon sandwich which originates from the united kingdom . the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and france . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and the order rosids .
francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , which contain sponge cake , can be found in france .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor is found . it is a variation of siomay , which contains peanut sauce , and shumai .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai which contains shiitake .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor and shumai are found . shumai contains shiitake and is a variation of siomay .
bhajji ( alternatively known as bhaji or bajji ) originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the leader of karnataka is vajubhai vala and the leader of india is t s thakur . the people of india are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . two of the leaders of india are sumitra mahajan and t . s . thakur . the demonym for people living in india is indian .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where spanish is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be varied by adding honey .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . it can be varied by adding honey . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia and felipe vi is the head of state . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the language spoken is italian . two of the leaders in italy are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy , where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy .
the fried chicken dish ayam penyet is found nationwide in java and also in malaysia and singapore . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . batchoy is eaten there .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spaniards are an ethnic group in spain where the language is spanish .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi of spain is the leader of spain , where spaniards live .
american test pilot alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard , who was born in new hampshire , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a united states national . he was a member of the apollo 8 crew which was operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin , who was born in glen ridge , new jersey , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born 1930 - 01 - 20 ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the mission . he is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator and benitoite is a gemstone .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an american fighter pilot who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it is 4100 metres long .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 . the airport ' s icao location identifier is viag .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
operated by the united states air force , al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has the icao location identifier of oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 3992 . 88 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft . the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 is an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules is a transport aircraft .
alderney airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city . the 1st runway at the airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the airport serves the city of leinster in michigan , united states .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpenae . the runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the county of michigan . the airport serves the city of leinster and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in the wilson township , in the u . s . a . and serves the city of alpena . it has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . the runway name is 05l / 23r and has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in the country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of the country are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in the country .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it serves the city of atlantic city which is lead by don guardian .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders in belgium , where the capital city is brussels . antwerp international airport serves the city of antwwerp .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . two of the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is one of the languages spoken there .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it was started in january 2014 and has the postmodern architectural style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader . the capital of illinois is springfield .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington , d . c . and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
the architect augustus pugin , who was born in bloomsbury , designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addid ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita prefecture , japan . it has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group in japan .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader of india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader . ampara hospital is located in the eastern province which is governed by the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . manhattan is lead by cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is birmingham city council and the leader is labour politician john clancy . the city has the b postcode .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . two of the leaders are john roberts and barack obama .
aida cruises , which is located in germany , is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc .
aida cruises operates aidastella which was built by meyer werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres . it has a top speed of 38 . 892 and a ship beam of 32 . 2 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a four - stroke engine with 12 cylinders .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 from may 1950 to august 1956 . it has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres , 12 cylinders and a v12 engine .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the national anthem is the star - spangled banner . the country is the origin of the alv x - 1 .
the american motors matador is a mid - size car with a body style of station wagon and an amc v8 engine . it is manufactured in thames , new zealand .
alhambra is owned by the p & o company which is located in london . it was built by the samuda brothers and has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m and a power type of humphrys tennant and dykes .
roy d chapin , jr . is a key person at american motors which is a subsidiary of wheel horse and is the manufacturer of the amc matador . the company was succeeded by eagle and later by chrysler .
the american submarine ( nr - 1 ) was launched on 1969 - 01 - 25 and has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a ship draft of 4 . 6 m .
the united states is the origin of the antares rocket , which is similar to the delta ii . the antares is launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport , which has the minotaur iv as an associated rocket .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares rocket which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched on 28 october 2014 from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport at launch pad 0 .
yuzhnoye design office manufactured the antares rocket which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and was launched on october 28 , 2014 .
airbus defence and space manufactured the 5 . 4 metres long ariane 5 which was launched on 11th august 2005 from the guiana space centre . the final flight was on 18th november 2009 .
the location of arianespace in courcouronnes is the guiana space centre in french guiana . they are the operators of the ela - 3 which is the launch site for ariane 5 .
the aston martin v8 is a 5 . 3 - litre engine manufactured by aston martin in newport pagnell . it is related to the aston martin dbs , which is the successor to the aston martin vantage .
the aston martin v8 has a body style of coupe and an engine of 5 . 3 litres . it is manufactured by newport pagnell and is related to the aston martin dbs and aston martin rham / 1 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin . it is a related mean of transportation to aston martin dbs and is the successor to the previous aston martin virage .
the audi a1 is a supermini with a 1 . 2 - litre engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . it was built in brussels , belgium and has the body style of a hatchback .
the manufacturer of the audi a1 is the company founded by august horch . they have a division called the audi e - tron and are owned by both lamborghini and ducati .
aida cruises own aidaluna which is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in california , united states and is located in peoria , illinois .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is the owner of aida cruises in rostock .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is powered by caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the company ' s key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
aida cruises is the operator of aida astella , which was built by meyer werft and owned by costa crociere , whose parent company is carnival corporation & plc . the company is located in genoa .
the finnish people are known as finns and the leader is juha sipila . the language spoken in finland is sami . the country is the builder of the aleksey chirikov icebreaker which was built by arctech helsinki shipyard .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck .
the builder of a - rosa luna is neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is the language spoken . the country is the origin of the book " atlas ii " .
the manager of penarol is jorge orosman da silva . the youth club is in the u . s . citta di palermo league and the club plays in the central espanol league of the uruguayan segunda division .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov and the player is aleksandr chumakov who played for the soviet union national football team . he died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko .
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny . the club ' s ground is at parc olympique lyonnais where the chairman is jean - michel aulas .
the manager of a . c . milan , who play in serie a , is sinisa mihajlovic . alessio romagnoli is a defender who played for u . c sampdoria .
the manager of a . c . milan is sinisa mihajlovic and the chairman is silvio berlusconi . alessio romagnoli , who played for the italy national under - 17 football team , is attached to the club and plays for u . c sampdoria .
the manager of u . s . citta di palermo is giuseppe iachini . the club plays in the uruguayan segunda division . the player is abel hernandez who played for the uruguay national football team and now plays for central espanol .
the manager of fc amkar perm is gadzhi gadzhiyev and the club ' s ground is the otkrytiye arena . the chairman of fc spartak moscow is sergey rodionov .
the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov . the club ' s ground is in moscow and their chairman is sergey rodionov .
the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov . the club ' s ground is in groznny and their youth club is fc spartak moscow . they have also played for fc dynamo moscow .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov . the club played in the russian premier league in the 2014 - 15 season . their player is aleksandr chumakov , who was born in the soviet union and played for the ussr national football team .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the chairman is gabor kubatov . the club ' s ground is in palo seco and the player is keem adams .
the manager of ferencvarosi tc is thomas doll and the chairman is gabor kubatov . the club ' s ground is the palo seco velodrome and the player is keem adams .
the 19255 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6 kg , an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 , and a periapsis of 6603633000 . 0 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he attended the university of michigan and was the discoverer of 101 helena which was discovered on august 15th , 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was a student at the university of michigan and was the discoverer of 101 helena .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in the german empire . he attended the university of gottingen and was the doctoral student of allan sandage .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade who was born in the german empire . he graduated from the university of gottingen and is the doctoral student of halton arp and allan sandage .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed is walter baade , a german national who was born in the german empire . he attended the university of gottingen and was the doctoral student of allan sandage .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he attended the university of michigan . he was the discoverer of 103 hera which was discovered on september 7th , 1868 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he attended the university of michigan and was the discoverer of 103 hera which has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 km .
107 camilla was discovered by b . zellner on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by c . woods on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered by f . vilas on december 31 , 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
england national n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb ; it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres with an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometre per second .
1101 clematis has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and an opa of 520906000 . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second .
11264 claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins , and anapoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21 , 1936 in asajaya , malaysia . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and resides in kuching .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was succeeded by adenan satem who attended the university of adelaide .
oladipo diya was succeeded by atiku abubakar , who served as vice president .
olusegun obasanjo was the successor to abdulipo diya , who was the vice president . the nigerian army was the military branch of the government , which lasted until 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he was a member of the democratic party and served as governor of connecticut .
american abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he was a member of the democratic party and worked as the united states secretary of health education and welfare .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national and had a wife called casey .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the grenadier guards and worked as a member of parliament for gravesham . his active years start on 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party ( uk ) and is in the military branch of the grenadier guards . his active years start on 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he served as prime minister while konstantinos mitsotakis was the leader . he was succeeded by makis voridis .
the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the party is the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the country is the home of agnes kant who worked as a representative in the house of representatives .
mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders in the netherlands where agnes kant is a national . she has a residence in doesburg and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte and the socialist party ( netherlands ) is led by emile roemer .
albert b . white was born on september 22 , 1856 and died on july 3 , 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was the son of agnes ward white and william m . o . dawson .
the governor of west virginia , albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in 1905 . he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson and his wife was agnes ward white .
the republican party ' s albert b . white was born in cleveland on the 4th of march , 1901 . he was the successor to william m . o . dawson and his active years start on the 04th of april , 1905 .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the labour party ( argentina ) ' s leader is juan peron , who is the son of eva peron and served as president . he died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on the 20th of may , 1891 . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfred gorbach was born in austria in the tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alfred gorbach was born in imst , tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
vermont ' s largest city is burlington and the state is the location of the 3rd congressional district . it is also the home of the politician , alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois on march 3rd , 1857 .
albany , vermont is the largest city in vermont , where the 3rd congressional district is located . the state is the birthplace of the politician , alvah sabin , who died in sycamore , illinois .
the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war , which was commanded by jefferson davis . it was fought in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are the native americans .
the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis and one of the battles was the siege of petersburg . alfred moore scales was from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
juan peron is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) and is the spouse of eva peron . the language spoken in argentina is spanish and the country is lead by president alberto teisaire .
aaron bertram is a member of the band suburban legends and plays for kids imagine nation . he is also the trombonist for the band ska punk which is a genre of punk rock .
aaron deer is a singer - songwriter from indiana , united states . he is also a member of the band wee giant and is in the genre of indie rock .
old man gloom and the lotus eaters are both associated with aaron turner , who was born in the united states and is a member of the black metal genre . he has been active since 1995 .
aaron turner , who was born in massachusetts , is a member of the twilight and the lotus eaters . he is in the sludge metal genre and his active years start in 1995 .
abradab was born in poland on november 12th , 1978 in katowice . he is a member of the magik and kaliber 44 musical groups .
ace wilder was born on the 23rd of july , 1982 in sweden . he is a singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on 23rd july 1982 . he is a songwriter and a singer .
ace wilder is in hip hop music which is a subgenre of gangsta rap . the genre is influenced by disco and funk .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is a member of the hip hop music genre .
al anderson ( born in windsor , connecticut ) is a member of the rock band , the wildweeds . the band ' s active years start in 1966 .
al anderson ( guitar ) is a member of the band , nrbq . the band ' s genre is rock music which has the musical genre of country music and is influenced by the music genre , bhangra .
alan frew was born in newmarket , ontario , canada . he was a singer and a musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a singer and songwriter .
kornelije kovac and aleksandra kovac are both members of the k2 kovac sisters duo .
alfred garth jones was an english national who was born in manchester in 1872 . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . london is lead by boris johnson and the european parliament .
the leader of london is the european parliament . alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
flibbertigibbet and mellow candle are both associated with the irish singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , who was active in 1963 and has a record label called floating world records .
alison o ' donnell is a singer - songwriter who is a member of the stanyan records record label in london . she is in the genre of jazz , which is a genre of funk .
the autoharp is an instrument used by singer - songwriter alison o ' donnell . she is a member of the jazz genre , which is influenced by afrobeat and funk .
the african american singer - songwriter , alison o ' donnell , plays the voice , bodhran , percussion , and autoharp .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a singer and songwriter .
anders osborne ' s active years start in 1989 and he is a member of the band galactic and the band voice of the wetlands all - stars .
billy iuso and anders osborne are both members of the band galactic , while tab benoit is a member of the same band .
andra singer was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a reality television judge and a singer .
the romanian singer andra , who was born in 1986 , is a songwriter and singer .
armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , and alexandra badoi are all associated with the band andrew rayel , who is in the genre of pop music .
andrew rayel ( born in chisinau , moldova ) is a member of the christian burns and armin van buuren ' s band . he is in the genre of trance and his active years start in 2009 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and started his active years in 2009 . he is a member of the band bobina and jwaydan moyine .
john digweed and christian burns are both associated with jwaydan moyine , who plays the string instrument .
the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow are both associated with andrew white , who has been active since 2003 . he is a member of the b - unique records and polydor records .
allen forrest , who was born in fort campbell , is the creator of hip hop music .
allen forrest , who was born in 1981 , is in the hip hop genre .
the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom . alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and the language spoken is spanish . one of the ethnic groups in the country are the mestizo .
andrew white is a singer - songwriter from the genre of alternative rock . he is a member of the b - unique records label and is attached to the record label polydor records in london .
andrew white is a singer - songwriter from the genre of alternative rock , which is a genre of nu metal . he is a member of the polydor records record label which is located in london and was previously part of the universal records defunct record label .
al anderson ( guitar ) is a member of the rock band , rock music , which is a genre of bhangra and country music . country music is influenced by blues .
al anderson ( nrbq ) is a member of the rock music genre , which has the musical genre of bhangra and is influenced by country music and blues . banjo is an instrument in country music .
aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar , is a member of the twilight band and also plays for old man gloom . black metal is a genre of death metal .
alfred zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where spanish is spoken and the leaders are raul fernando sendic rodriguez and daniel martinez .
